much of personal computing is about can you top this ?
"so a mention a few weeks ago about a rechargeable wireless optical mouse brought in another rechargeable , wireless mouse ."
"like all optical mice , but it also doesn t need a desk ."
"uses gyroscopic sensors to control the cursor movement as you move your wrist , arm , whatever through the air ."
intelligence officials have revealed a spate of foiled plots on ships in southeast asia and are warning that a narrow stretch of water carrying almost one third of the world s maritime trade is vulnerable to a terror attack .
"after learning of several foiled al qaeda attempts on u . s . and commercial ships in the area , experts are warning that the terror network still wants to cripple the global economy , the world s economic jugular vein in southeast asia is at risk ."
"caffeine can help increase reaction time and improve performance for military servicemen who must perform complex tasks or who need help staying alert for longer periods of time , according to a new report by the national academy of sciences ."
"specifically , it can be used in maintaining speed of reactions and visual and auditory vigilance , which in military operations could be a life or death situation , according to the report ."
something that will boost their capabilities at crucial moments is very important .
"researchers are already exploring ways to put caffeine in nutrition bars or chewing gum as alternatives to coffee , archibald said ."
"a similar dose of caffeine , about mg , also appears effective in enhancing physical endurance and may be especially useful in returning some of the physical endurance lost at high altitude , the study found ."
"the institute of medicine is part of the national academy of sciences , a private organization chartered by congress to advise the government on scientific matters ."
"thanks to robust demand in asia , boosting the trade surplus to . trillion yen . billion , the ministry of finance said ."
but the prospect of a slowing u . s . economy and weak demand at home overshadowed any optimism for the months ahead .
"more than hostages were rescued , including all non russians and children , when special forces stormed the building ."
russian special forces used a sedative gas before storming the theatre .
many captives were taken to hospital suffering from the effects of the chemical .
marking a historic shift to the left for latin america s largest country .
hours after silva s workers party had declared their candidate the winner .
"thousands of silva supporters gathered in the streets of sao paulo and rio de janeiro , waving his party s red flag in celebration ."
amid mounting pressure on north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program japanese and north korean diplomats have resumed talks on normalizing diplomatic relations .
"the two days of meetings in the malaysian capital , kuala lumpur , are expected to be dominated by japanese concerns over the north s bomb making efforts , as well as calls for a fuller explanation over the kidnapping of japanese civilians in the s and s ."
"at least people have been confirmed dead but that figure is expected to rise , possibly to over"
"after a fire tore through a six storey building in vietnam s ho chi minh city that housed shops , a disco and several foreign companies ."
initial reports indicated it may have been sparked by a short circuit in the blue disco on the building s second floor .
prevented firefighters from entering the building for about four hours with firefighters taking more than five hours to extinguish the inferno .
"mobile bomb fighting robots can already inspect suspicious cars , buildings or mail for explosives or hazardous materials , according to jan karlsson , an expert at the u . n ."
"the geneva based commission , in its annual study of the industry titled world robotics , said a record , robots were installed last year , up percent on ."
"there is definitely a much higher incentive to invest in automated technology to fight terrorists , karlsson said ."
"it could be used in post offices , in surveillance of offices after hours and to inspect suspicious cars ."
"postal service whose postmaster told a senate panel that the financial impact of the anthrax crisis could be several billion dollars uses robots to sort parcels , but other automated equipment sorts letters ."
"at the same time , labor costs are more and more ."
"for industrial robots , was the best year ever , added the swede ."
"not only in japan and europe and north america , but they have also started to take off in some developing countries , for example in brazil , mexico , china and south africa ."
annual sales of robot units are estimated at billion to billion .
"but with the cost of installing necessary software and integration systems , the total robotics market could be worth closer to billion ."
about systems of firefighting and bomb disposal robots have been sold through in countries including israel and britain .
"the study , written before the devastating u . s . attacks , predicts sales of systems by ."
"about , robots work in demolition , servicing or dismantling nuclear , chemical , waste or other hazardous complexes , the report said ."
another robots work in surveillance .
"guard robots are used privately and professionally to detect intruders or fire , karlsson said ."
"the pentagon have several , and they are used in nuclear plants in the united states and europe , but the market is still rather marginal ."
five united states congressmen have written to president bush urging him to punish north korea for continuing with its nuclear weapons program and push for a change of government in the isolated stalinist state .
"in a letter to the administration , republican senators jesse helms , bob smith and john kyl , republican representative chris cox and democrat representative ed markey called on the president for the u . s . to provide north korea with fuel oil ."
four days of peace talks between the sri lankan government and tamil rebels have ended on a high note as both sides bid to end one of asia s longest running conflicts .
"both sides declared success in thailand , after they agreed to set up three committees to look at issues that lie at the heart of the year old war that has killed nearly , people and displaced more than . million ."
the government says the new bodies will address ethnic and power sharing issues and will also oversee a resettlement of refugees and restoration of areas destroyed by the decades old civil war .
"a vehicle pileup on a freeway south of los angeles left more than people injured , five seriously , the accident occurred shortly before a . m ."
and prompted the california highway patrol to close a two mile stretch of interstate in both directions traffic was being diverted to alternate routes .
"thick fog may have been a factor in the accident , california highway patrol officers said ."
the best man raises his wine glass and out comes a drunken diatribe .
"it s a wedding couple s nightmare , but a growing number of love birds are shielding themselves by having web sites ghostwrite the perfect toast ."
"for the right price , dozens of sites promise to find the right words for just about any occasion"
but toasts for the happy couple are the most frequent requests .
"in a stunning and historical night for the gop and president bush , republicans seized control of the senate , held onto their majority in the house and savored wins in two hot gubernatorial races ."
"the republicans will have at least a seat majority republicans won at least seats , up from the they had going into the election ."
china has unveiled plans for the largest water diversion in its history and possibly one of the world s most expensive at . billion .
"the project will channel water from the country s longest river , the yangtze , to three rivers in the north , the yellow , huai and hai , whose basins are running dry ."
the ambitious south to north water transfer project will move water along three channels linking the wetter flood prone southern basin to parched northern climes .
"this is just one of the latest of china s massive public works projects , recent ones including the three gorges hydroelectric dam , a proposed , kilometer natural gas pipeline and the world s highest railroad from qinghai to tibet ."
authorities from the water resources ministry plan to begin construction next year on the controversial and hugely expensive project .
vice minister of the water resources ministry zhang jiyao said plans for the project would be submitted for approval to the cabinet by the end of the year .
"environmental experts say the new project could cause widespread corruption , human hardship and environmental damage , and could dry up the yangtze in years ."
"they urge china to take simpler steps like raising water prices , curbing rampant well digging , stopping up leaks and improving water treatment ."
"european officials have expressed concern the u . s . president will now be more emboldened , following his republican party s mid term election gains ."
"europe and bush have been at loggerheads over whether the threat of military action should be included in a new u . n . draft resolution on iraq , and european leaders have also voiced concern about u . s . calls for regime change in iraq ."
the two sides have also had spats over a wide range of issues including global warming and the new international criminal court .
"apocalypse now , francis ford coppola s anti vietnam war classic , is the greatest film of the past years , according to a survey of british film critics and writers ."
two movies by martin scorsese also made the top in the poll released by the british film institute s sight sound magazine .
"the respondents chose scorsese s raging bull as the second best movie of the past quarter century , followed by ingmar bergman s fanny and alexander in third place ."
"the philippine coast guard and navy frogmen are searching for survivors in manila bay two days after the crash , they had rescued passengers and found others who had died , navy officials said ."
four others are still missing .
"survivors have been taken to hospitals around manila bay , a shore region off the philippine capital of manila ."
emergency workers and stunned residents across the south and great lakes regions picked through shattered homes and buildings after a string of tornadoes left at least people dead and dozens injured .
after more than tornadoes touched down .
"most of those killed were in tennessee , following the iraqi parliament s unanimous recommendation to reject the return of u . n . weapons inspectors , he is looking forward to receiving the country s final decision ."
"iraq s ambassador to the united nations , mohammad al douri , delivered a letter of acceptance to kofi annan , telling reporters that iraq will not have any mass destruction weapons ."
so we are not worried about the inspectors when they will be back in the country .
"especially if combined with weight training , a harvard study of more than , men suggests ."
"high intensity exercise includes running or jogging at mph , while low intensity activities include walking at a pace of about mph ."
"researchers also have debated whether weight training has a big impact on the heart , since it does not give the heart and lungs the kind of workout they get from aerobic activities such as brisk walking or running for at least minutes ."
"but in the harvard school of public health study , men who engaged in weight training for minutes or more weekly had a percent lower risk of heart disease than men who did not pump iron ."
the researchers said the benefits may result in part from reductions in blood pressure and body fat achieved through weight training .
"given the independent results from weight training , the researchers theorized that adding weight training to a high intensity exercise program would reap even greater benefits ."
"the study is based on medical records and questionnaires given periodically to , health professionals from to ."
participants were ages to at the outset .
"heart disease was ultimately diagnosed in , participants ."
men who ran for an hour or more weekly at mph or more were percent less likely to develop heart disease than non runners .
men who did brisk walking at a moderate pace of at least mph for at least a half hour daily were percent less likely to develop heart disease than those who did not .
there were no significant heart benefits found from low intensity walking .
"gerald fletcher , an american heart association spokesman ."
"he said the findings correspond with aha guidelines , which recommend aerobic exercise at least six days a week and weight training two or three times weekly ."
"but fletcher said , a little is better than sitting in front of the television ."
"days before the premiere of harry potter and the chamber of secrets , the film s producer said it fears pirated copies are showing up on the internet ."
"an illegal copy of the film has appeared on the internet , which often contains bootleg copies of films , even before they hit theaters ."
"the studio later retracted the statement , saying reports of bootleg copies hadn t been substantiated , but an ap search discovered what appeared to be the movie available on a site hosted in europe ."
it has developed a nuclear weapon .
"the country has come to have nuclear and other strong military weapons to deal with increased nuclear threats by the u . s . imperialists , according to the yonhap news agency which monitors north korean broadcasts ."
"it was unclear , however , whether the report referred to a plutonium or uranium based weapon ."
"despite the high tech industry s downturn , co founder bill gates said as he unveiled a strategy to push smart computing technology into everyday gadgets such as alarm clocks and pens ."
"gates , who opened the rd annual comdex trade show , said there was a negative perception of high tech following the collapse of the tech bubble about two years ago ."
"carrying more than . million gallons of heavy fuel oil sank miles off spain s northwest coast , leaving spanish authorities scrambling to protect the coastline in the region where fishing is the primary industry ."
"the world wildlife fund warns that if all of the oil leaked , it would be one of the largest oil spills ever more than twice the size of the exxon valdez spill in alaska s prince william sound ."
"space boulders big enough to wipe out a major city slam into the earth about once every , years , much less frequently than previously thought ."
the revised calculations come from an unprecedented examination of years of data that scour the ground for nuclear explosions .
choi in won wants to perfect his badminton game .
kim so hyon would just sleep a lot .
"the three wage warriors and millions of fellow countrymen are busy spending future leisure time in their heads , as south korea considers moving from a six day workweek to the five day version that is standard in the u . s . , japan and western europe ."
korea also hopes to accomplish the shift in apparent defiance of conventional economic logic .
"a government proposal , strongly supported by labor unions , calls for employees to work to fewer hours a year"
the government thinks it can pull off this trick because it did so once before .
"in , south korea told companies to trim work hours to , annually from , without paring their payrolls ."
"the big difference this time , employers say , is that south korea isn t the insular , command economy it was in the late s and its workers aren t exploited , underpaid victims ."
"the economy is far more dynamic , and workers are well organized , politically active and the beneficiaries of wage increases that routinely outpace productivity ."
"labor unions say there s never a perfect time , that higher wages will force south korea to shift into more sophisticated industries and that employees and korean society will be happier , healthier and more relaxed ."
"koreans toil long hours , but they don t necessarily toil effectively ."
"according to the international labor organization , koreans work , hours a year , compared with , for americans and , for the japanese ."
"but they re also and less productive , respectively ."
"sleeping , eating , lounging , internet shopping , stock trading and card playing are common during workdays that can last from in the morning until at night ."
analysts attribute the widespread mixing of work and play in part to south korea s rapid shift from farm to factory to fluorescent lighted offices .
"the u . s . had hundreds of years of commercial activity , while korea s had only a few ."
"in what was hailed as a truly defining moment for nato , the alliance has formally agreed to invite seven former communist states to join nato was as significant to them as the fall of the berlin wall ."
are due to be admitted to the north atlantic treaty organisation in after being formally approved by all current members .
the fbi is investigating whether the saudi arabian government funneled money to associates of two of the september hijackers .
findings from an inquiry by the house senate joint intelligence committee money from the saudi arabian government could have made its way to the two hijackers president bush signed into law legislation creating a cabinet level department of homeland security a move that sets into motion the largest reorganization of the federal government in about half a century .
"who has been director of the white house office of homeland security , as his nominee to lead the vast , new department ."
"the department is a direct result of the september , terrorist attacks , which exposed security lapses and intelligence failures , and led to calls for sweeping changes to the nation s defense , intelligence and law enforcement sectors ."
it appears to be heartbreak hotel for lisa marie presley and nicolas cage less than four months after the hollywood couple tied the knot .
"details were not released about the breakup , but statements from both parties seemed to indicate irreconcilable differences ."
president bush has apologized for the deaths of two south korean girls more than five months ago .
"mark walker of the nd infantry division were acquitted of negligent homicide charges in the june road deaths of shim mi son and shin hyo sun , both ."
"for park kang woo , policy director of the korean confederation of trade unions , the solution is clear"
drop working hours to a reasonable level and you ll see fewer accidents and higher productivity .
there is a precedent .
"in , yuhan kimberly corp . , a maker of household products , switched to a five day week without paring paychecks ."
"accident and defect rates fell and productivity gains were enough to cover the reduced time , a company spokesman said ."
"still , the experience of one internationally managed company doesn t reflect what might happen across an entire economy , economists say , and employers are being asked to pay out in advance what could amount to a hourly wage hike for benefits that may not materialize ."
why the hurry to accomplish such a herculean feat ?
"japan took years to make a similar transition starting in , when it had a per capita income of about , , compared with south korea s , today ."
"greece and portugal started their switch overs in , and are giving themselves a decade as well ."
and hong kong and singapore are easing in that direction under a more voluntary process .
the government says the move is a way to show that south korea is a developed nation .
"the change also will boost flagging consumption , spur regional tourism and help local economies as city dwellers head for the country to enjoy nature s beauty ."
"it s politically motivated , said kim of the korean employers federation ."
"it s hugely popular , and the government wants to get credit for it , especially with local and national elections coming next year ."
among the many thorny issues is holidays .
"koreans now enjoy national days off , two weeks of annual leave , an added day s vacation per year worked and additional bonus days annually ."
"large companies often add three or four more personal days , and women get an additional menstruation days ."
"add these to the days gained by not working saturdays , and south korea would race to the head of the global vacation class , trumping even the cafe lounging french ."
"by some counts , the days off total could soar as high as , compared with france s and the u . s ."
"another worry is whether too much relaxation might undermine south korea s power , accomplishments and work ethic ."
"we just can t afford to be lazy or relaxed , said choi in woong , a civil engineer ."
"if we do , the next generation will become even lazier ."
"chong do won , manager of a small advertising company , frets that all this free time would boost social tension in a country that has traditionally prided itself on its homogeneity ."
"people would become very jealous and hateful if one person goes off skiing and the other is sitting in their dingy apartment , he said ."
it s a big problem .
"the year old mir space station will be ditched in february in a controlled descent that will send it hurtling into a remote area of the pacific ocean , officials said today ."
the decision to abandon the ailing space station was taken at a meeting of the russian cabinet .
"officials have wrestled for months over what to do with the mir , which moscow can no longer afford to maintain ."
"president bill clinton arrived in ho chi minh city , vietnam , following a visit to the crash site of a u . s ."
"thousands of vietnamese lined the president s route from tan son nhut airport to his hotel , many waving and cheering in stark contrast to clinton s earlier visit to the site where air force capt ."
"an internet oversight board gave the web a new batch of domain names , choosing . biz , . name , . info , . pro , . museum , . aero , and . coop to help ease the dot com name crunch ."
"the decisions by icann capped a half decade of discussion about how to relieve the crowded field of addresses ending in . com , which has some million registrations worldwide ."
the new suffixes could appear in use by the middle of next year .
"stanley tookie williams is co founder of one of the nation s most notorious gangs , and a death row inmate convicted of killing four people in ."
he s also a nominee of the people nominated for the nobel peace prize .
"from his tiny san quentin cell , williams leads a campaign to stop children from making the same mistakes he did ."
"he writes gritty books about his experiences as a founder and leader of the street gang , the crips ."
"the florida supreme court gave al gore a key legal victory in his presidential campaign , ruling that ballots being recounted by hand in three heavily democratic counties must be included in the state s final vote tally in its election for the nation s rd president ."
"the state s highest court , a panel of seven justices , said those counties , palm beach , broward and miami dade , must complete their recounts and submit results by p . m ."
"an explosion rocked the israeli town of hadera killing at least two and injuring more than people , a local israeli official said ."
israeli tv reported that a car bomb went off next to a bus on hadera s main hanassi street .
"the car that carried the bomb is now a pile of twisted , smoking metal ."
"the blast was so powerful , it caused the bus to slam into a nearby store ."
several stores also caught fire .
"there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the explosion , although izz el deen al qassam , the military wing of the militant islamic group hamas , said in a statement today it would bring death to every israeli home ."
"after months of speculation , the elusive gizmo referred to as it or ginger has been unveiled to the public ."
"the abc television program good morning america demonstrated the invention monday , a two wheeled , self propelled scooter that can travel at about mph ."
"this is the world s first self balancing human transporter , kamen said ."
it has a computer that does what your brain does for you .
it s got those tires that do what your feet do for you .
"kamen said the invention called the segway ht will be going out in limited quantities over the next few weeks , and by the end of next year , it should be widely available ."
"the price is expected to be around , ."
"kamen s invention has won over some bigwigs in california s silicon valley who have seen ginger and reportedly thrown money behind it , according to initial reports in january on the news web site inside . com ."
investing icon john doerr has called kamen a blend of thomas edison and henry ford .
apple computer s steve jobs was quoted as saying that people will erect entire cities around it .
"amazon . com founder and ceo jeff bezos has taken a special liking to the invention , featuring it on amazon s web site ."
"news of ginger was first uncovered when it was revealed that the harvard business school press had offered kamen , to chronicle the making of ginger in a book with the help of a writer ."
"kamen s work is based out of a manchester , new hampshire , lab called deka research development ."
the worldwide information technology industry is expected to grow by more than percent next year .
"spending on it and communications resume , driving a worldwide growth rate of . percent for the industry , said john gantz , idc s chief research officer ."
"still , growth next year is expected to be anemic ."
the research firm also cautioned that a prolonged war in iraq or collapse of the stock markets could limit spending .
"entitled unexplained lights , air force lieutenant colonel told how he witnessed an object emitting a red sun like light moving through the trees of rendlesham forest ."
he dangled his infant son and his morbidly altered face just gets weirder .
as the trial resumes in a lawsuit filed against the year old entertainer his erratic behavior has once again eclipsed his musical talent .
"about a dozen police and town officials were searching for the monkey , said shigeru arai , deputy chief of police in suwa town , about kilometers northwest of tokyo ."
"the attacks began monday , when the monkey bit women as they put out garbage or left home for work ."
nine more women were attacked tuesday .
most of the victims were ages to .
the international atomic energy agency called on north korea to end any nuclear weapon program and open all relevant facilities to inspections immediately .
"north korean officials , however , refused that demand ."
and the united states has called north korea s refusal to allow inspectors into its nuclear facilities it will continue to work with allies to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program .
caffeine is a substance naturally found in coffee .
when caffeine is removed from coffee it is called decaffeinated coffee or decaf .
"rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the body s defense system attacks the tissue surrounding the joints , the places where bones are joined ."
the disease affects women more than men .
"researchers from the university of alabama in birmingham reported their study at the yearly meeting of the american college of rheumatology in san francisco , california ."
"they studied more than , women between the ages of and ."
the women were included in the iowa women s health study from through .
the researchers studied women who developed rheumatoid arthritis during that period .
they also studied women who did not develop the disease .
women who drank four or more cups of decaffeinated coffee a day were two times more likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than women who never drank decaf .
the women who drank more than three cups of tea a day had a sixty percent lower chance of developing the disease than those who never drank tea .
researchers from boston university in massachusetts reported about another study .
"it involved rheumatoid arthritis among , black women ."
the women were involved in the black women s health study that began in .
the researchers found that drinking more than one cup of decaffeinated coffee a day seemed to increase by four times the chance of developing the disease .
"however , in this study , drinking tea seemed to increase the chance of developing rheumatoid arthritis ."
the researchers said they believe these are the first studies to show a link between decaf coffee and rheumatoid arthritis .
but they said people should not stop drinking decaf or tea until more studies are done .
"when it comes to dna , there s not that much difference between mice and men ."
"mice and humans each have about , genes , yet only are unique to either organism ."
"both even have genes for a tail , even though it s not switched on in humans ."
"the mouse is the only mammal , whose genome has been sequenced ."
"and larry lindsey , the white house s top economic adviser , in a dramatic shakeup of the bush administration s team charged with reviving the nation s troubled economy ."
no successors have been announced .
"presidential spokesman ari fleischer wouldn t comment directly when asked if the two were forced out , saying only that each had resigned ."
"could return to your kitchen table not as leftovers , but as plastic wrap ."
pentagon officials said that u . s . military weapons specialists have found at least a dozen scud missiles several hundred miles off the coast southeast of yemen in the indian ocean .
but u . s . officials said there is no indication the ship was headed to iraq .
scuds are the type of ballistic missiles that iraqi leader saddam hussein used to attack both saudi arabia and israel during the persian gulf war .
may have come up with the most attentive and perhaps honest car dealer ever in its child size walking robot asimo .
"how to walk , climb stairs and recognize voices ."
"the robot is used as a promotional tool , reciting information about cars in showrooms and appearing in commercials and at honda events ."
never ask a question to which you don t know the answer .
diplomats generally operate on the same basis .
"so when the bush administration presented evidence to north korean leaders that their country was developing nuclear weapons , it expected the regime to lie about it ."
a day later came the shocker .
"yes , we ve been secretly working to produce nukes , a top aide to dear leader kim jong il told astonished u . s . envoy james kelly ."
"and , he added , we ve got more powerful weapons"
presumably meaning biological and chemical agents .
"he was not apologetic at all , says a u . s . official , but assertive , aggressive about it ."
tightly controlled countries like north korea typically stonewall such sensitive inquiries .
"so the admission did more than just confirm long held suspicions in washington that north korea , a charter member in bush s axis of evil , had pursued weapons of mass destruction despite a agreement to stop ."
"why , everyone wondered , was kim confessing now ?"
"and why had bush pressed the issue , when he was already immersed in two major global confrontations ?"
no wonder the administration sat on the news for days while it scrambled to figure out how to downsize the crisis .
"by the time the bush team went public with the news last week , it was also trying to reassure citizens and allies that this standoff would be addressed , at least for now , with diplomacy , not military might ."
so who assisted the koreans ?
"pakistan had the bomb but no missiles to deliver it , and north korea is the world s most active missile proliferator , especially to customers who can t shop elsewhere ."
in pakistan tested a homemade ghauri medium range ballistic missile that the u . s . believes originated in north korea .
"war with north korea , bush told his aides , was out of the question ."
"he could not let kim alter the fragile balance of power on the korean peninsula , where , u . s . troops stand across the dmz from a million man army close enough to destroy seoul , south korea s capital , in a blitzkrieg ."
"by bush s own doctrine of pre emption , the u . s . should strike against any state with weapons of mass destruction and an irresponsible dictator ."
but the consequences of attacking pyongyang are unacceptable .
what bush apparently never anticipated was a brazen admission that the evidence was right .
scientists in britain and the united states shook hands .
"no big deal , one might think , but the men in question were , miles apart , connected only by the internet ."
one in london and one in boston
"picked up a computer generated cube between them and moved it , each responding to the force the other exerted on it ."
we can actually feel the object being pushed against our hands .
ucl said the secret behind the technology is the speed at which the successive impulses are sent .
"not only can scientists feel the force being exerted by colleagues across the atlantic ocean , they can also feel the texture of the object they are feeling ."
"the implications of the experiment could be vast , said ucl , which described the event as the world s first transatlantic handshake over the internet ."
"for example , trainee surgeons could use it to practice operations via the internet ."
"it would also have recreational uses , allowing people to touch and feel each other over the internet ."
i don t think it ll be available to the public for years
"at least five years , jordan said ."
that is greater than the . billion in imports that japan took from the united states and the . billion it took in from the european union .
need to pay down credit card debt ?
desperate for money for music lessons ?
simply tired of working and too embarrassed to stand on the corner with a tin cup ?
"after web strangers contributed more than , to her cause , according to her web site ."
yahoo started a begging category but the recent spike in activity and diversity of sites led yahoo to rename the category e panhandling .
the united states says it had no intention of attacking north korea but has rejected pyongyang s call for negotiations saying north korea must first take concrete steps to end its nuclear weapons program .
"the issue of a treaty suggests that we should pay something right now for their misbehavior , secretary of state colin powell said ."
what we can t do and won t do is reward north korea for their behavior .
"a herd of wild elephants driven berserk by country liquor trampled to death six people , among them four children , during a rampage in india s northeastern state of assam ."
"the animals came out of the forest , and drinking country liquor stored by villagers in tinsukia ."
"after consuming huge quantity of country made liquor , killing six people on the spot ."
president bush announced plans to deploy the first phase of a limited system designed to protect the united states against a ballistic missile attack .
"the united states will take every measure against what is perhaps greatest danger of all that may result from hostile states or terrorist groups armed with weapons of mass destruction , bush said in a written statement ."
"army used a high energy laser to shoot down an artillery shell in mid flight in a defense industry breakthrough , the army and the manufacturer said ."
"the army and trw inc . , which developed the weapon , said in a joint statement that the laser tracked , locked onto and fired a burst of concentrated light energy photons at the speeding shell over the white sands test range in new mexico ."
the mobile tactical high energy laser mthel is being developed by trw for the army and the israeli defense ministry .
lasers have been used in past tests at the range to shoot down slower katyusha rockets similar to those fired at israel by militant guerrilla groups in neighboring lebanon .
this shootdown shifts the paradigm for defensive capabilities .
"we ve shown that even an artillery projectile hurtling through the air at supersonic speed is no match for a laser , said army lt ."
"joseph cosumano , head of the missile defense command ."
"tactical high energy lasers have the capacity to change the face of the battlefield , he added ."
"the laser was fired from a static testbed in a carefully controlled test , but trw officials said they looked forward to producing a truly mobile version as the program progressed ."
in earlier tests in and the testbed focused on the threat of artillery rockets and shot down katyushas fired singly and in salvos .
the u . s . military has shot down dummy intercontinental missile warheads in tests both inside and outside the atmosphere using projectile weapons and is also examining the possible use of long range lasers to burn up such warheads in flight .
"the nasdaq composite and the standard poor s index the retreat accelerated for blue chips after hans blix , the u . n . chief weapons inspector , said he was not satisfied with iraq s dossier on its weapons program ."
concern is mounting over north korea s seeming determination to press ahead with reactivating its mothballed nuclear facility in defiance of an international agreement .
it had cut most of the seals that international inspectors placed on a deactivated nuclear reactor and has blocked monitoring equipment at the reactor .
the nyongbyong reactor is capable of producing weapons grade plutonium .
the top chinese official in xinjiang has vowed to crack the whip on separatists and terrorists just a few days after an american human rights team visited the autonomous region .
district judge j . frederick motz handed down a preliminary injunction at the request of sun microsystems inc .
microsoft had leveraged its pc monopoly in which it is unfairly advantaged .
side effects from the cancer fighting drug gefitinib have resulted in deaths in japan .
the dead were among patients who have developed debilitating lung disorders including interstitial pneumonia blamed on the drug .
"the figure is up from deaths by the drug s manufacturer , anglo swedish pharmaceutical giant astrazeneca ."
"gefitinib has been taken by at least , cancer patients since it was cleared for use in japan in july ."
president bill clinton has unveiled a . billion five year program called empowerment zones which is designed to revive america s troubled inner cities .
depressed urban areas like south central los angeles which was devastated by riots several years ago will be targeted for government assistance as well as business investment .
smaller sums would go to other urban and rural areas .
"the program rivals any of the so called great society antipoverty programs of the s , but will this one succeed where the others failed ?"
in remarks at a white house ceremony the president eluded to widespread skepticism about the workability of another costly federal program to save the cities .
"in , then president harry truman launched his urban renewal initiative ."
"subsequent administrations spent billions of dollars on programs with names like community action , model cities , community development block grants , and urban development action grants ."
"today , though , most of the inner cities remain essentially , shockingly unchanged , in some cases even worse ."
"george peterson , urban policy analyst for the urban institute in washington , d . c . , describes the typical inner city landscape beset by crime , poverty and neglect ."
two thirds of the lots are vacant .
a large part of the population is a street population that doesn t live in the houses at all .
"and you have a feeling of very intense personal fear not just because you re an outsider , but the people that live there have a fear that pervades their lives ."
"and it s a frustration of not being able to be part of a community reinforced by this physical desolation , that once you walk in an area like this , you ll never forget it ."
"in our focus report , bob dody examines the plight of u . s . cities in the s and what s being done to revive them ."
"conference of mayors in washington , u . s ."
their policy prescription is simple .
there are things that are working .
but the evidence as a whole indicates otherwise .
civilization as we know it is beginning to unravel around us and an increasing violence is a primary cause .
and there s no doubt about it from my over thirty years of experience in law enforcement and now the last two years as mayor of san francisco .
"violent crime is the number one problem in american cities , like chicago where matt rodriguez is the police superintendent ."
"chicago experienced a decline in homicides last year , but murders of young people , ages to , rose to record levels ."
three out of every ten murders in chicago now involve victims in this age group .
"and , of them are killed with firearms ."
nationwide children under the age of are more likely to be killed by guns today than they were in .
john rich sees many crime victims in the emergency room .
"in a given evening there may be three or four individuals who come in , who ve been shot or stabbed as well as people with a number of other health problems ."
"i mean , many times what happens , specifically as the people are taken into the trauma room , many times rushed up to the operating room , their wounds are cared for , they re hospitalized many times with severe , severe injuries such that they require sometimes life support for a period of time ."
"louis mayor freeman bosley jr . , chairman of a task force on hunger and homelessness for the u . s ."
"conference of mayors , offers a startling profile of many people who are homeless ."
over of the people that are homeless are employed .
"the salaries or the wages that they re making are just so , so little that they cannot afford basic rent or can t afford to buy a home ."
"a lot of times when people think about someone being homeless , they think about the man sleeping on the park bench or the lady walking down the street with the bags ."
of the people that are homeless are women with at least two children .
"so those are the invisible homeless people that we really don t see , and that s one of the things that we really need to be focusing on ."
a car rental agent tries to sell the customer a collision damage insurance costing from an extra to a day .
but many car renters are already protected .
others are covered because they use a major credit card .
"they become tempting targets for an aggressive rent a car sales force , often on commission to sell insurance no matter what ."
most car rental companies are self insured and simply getting a free ride from consumers .
a house commerce subcommittee wants a national ban on the sale of collision damage insurance .
the large car rental companies are for it .
several smaller ones are not .
neither was testimony from astronauts or even photographic evidence .
"so nasa has commissioned a mini book to show that , indeed , americans did land on the moon ."
"most humans on earth accept that u . s . astronauts first got to the moon aboard the apollo mission on july , ."
"but those who don t believe have created a sort of cottage industry of doubt , and that is what nasa wants to combat ."
"the national aeronautics and space administration has dealt with the controversy for decades , without much fanfare , but roger launius , nasa s former chief historian , said the questioning intensified in after the fox television network aired conspiracy theory"
did we land on the moon ?
those who doubt the apollo moon landings maintained the united states lacked the technology to send humans to the moon and was so desperate to appear to win the space race against the soviet union that it faked the moon mission on movie sets .
"the doubters said the fake was done so poorly that there is ample evidence of fraud , including a picture of astronauts planting the american flag that allegedly shows the flag rippling in the wind ."
"the skeptics contended there can be no breeze on the moon , so the picture must have been faked ."
"but when the astronauts struggled to plant the u . s . flag in the lunar surface , they twisted it around a bit before it stuck , and that naturally created ripples in the flag ."
"but on the moon , the rippling went unchecked , making it look as if it were being carried by the wind ."
"the site s creator , astronomer phil plait , was blunt in his condemnation of the doubters , whom he calls conspiracy theorists ."
"the craziness involves people who think that the nasa apollo moon missions were faked , plait said on the site ."
"there are lots of rumors spreading around about this , and rest assured they are all completely false ."
"in , a japanese business bought locke company , saving it from a shutdown ."
a joint venture with japan s nippon steel in helped inland survive and produce higher quality steel .
"from the ibm building to rockefeller center , foreign investors are snapping up american assets ."
"even the pillsbury doughboy may acquire a british accent , the company having been sold to british interests ."
"it being fine , they went hiking ."
foreigners now control percent of american manufacturing and percent of american banking .
"but the growing international presence in plants , real estate , stocks and bonds and in american branches of foreign owned banks troubles many business and trade experts ."
the issue of whether foreign investment in the united states is harmful or helpful is still unresolved .
"however , there is nothing new about the selling of american assets ."
there is something wrong with the machine .
we can t think of anything better .
"it s been going on since the indians traded manhattan to the dutch for knives , trinkets and a few pieces of cloth ."
"the average man probably does not consider saving wildlife when popping a dose of viagra , but two scientists suggest that the tiny pill could save tens of thousands of animals ."
"traditional chinese medicines often rely on specific body parts from certain kinds of animals to treat common physical ailments , such as erectile dysfunction ."
"jan vertefeuille , a representative of the world wildlife fund wwf , said other popular western drugs have not had an impact on traditional chinese medicines ."
"cao dan , a specialist in chinese medicine with the wwf , said there is widespread asian suspicion toward many western remedies like viagra ."
"one of the reasons for this strong hesitancy to western medicine is concern about side effects , she said ."
"viagra , for instance , has caused cardiac problems in a number of its users ."
"impotence is not a primary focus in traditional chinese medicine , but the price that men are willing to pay for a cure is significant ."
and viagra is an attractive alternative because of its low price and availability .
some conservationists think that there are better explanations for the sluggish trade in a handful of canadian animal parts .
"seals can be harvested for organs other than their genitalia , they say ."
"moreover , the decline in animal part exports from canada coincided with the economic meltdown in much of asia ."
for years scientists have labored to make progress in two frontiers of computer research .
"one group , working with the lightning fast machines known as supercomputers , is always pushing for more blazing speed ."
"the other group , writing programs that show the beginnings of artificial intelligence , explores the mysteries of human thought ."
the two fields of computer research are at different stages in their life cycles .
artificial intelligence is just getting started
"with the spread of supercomputer networks , high speed computing power is available to anyone with a personal computer and a telephone ."
"this goal is called ai , for artificial intelligence , and it has escaped computer programers for decades ."
"south korea has the most effective education system of the world s richest countries , with japan in second place and the united states and germany near the bottom ."
"unicef said it based the study on five different tests of and year olds to determine their abilities in reading , math and science ."
what is new about the study is that it averages the results to give the most comprehensive picture to date of how well each nation s education system is functioning as a whole .
the blame or credit does not go exclusively to a nation s schools .
"it is clear that educational disadvantage is born not at school but in the home , said the report ."
"unicef spokesman patrick mccormick said the study had been unable to draw conclusions on a range of factors , such as how much was spent on education ."
the study also didn t get into whether extreme competition was a factor in japanese or korean results .
"germany , with its strong educational and intellectual tradition , occupies th place out of the nations , just behind the united states in th place ."
"the united states , however , finished low in each test and in adult literacy ."
mccormick said the study had not attempted to explain why the united states had fared badly .
"the countries that economically are very diverse , with big immigrant populations , with lots of moving around , with a huge poverty gap , probably are going to show these sorts of results with education itself ."
"more than . billion in government grants for homeless services will go to cities , up from million this year ."
another well funded federal program for cities is the national service act of .
"the million initiative offers more than , young people a minimum wage salary plus , for college tuition in exchange for a year of service in city schools , hospitals and police departments nationwide ."
national service program director elie segal acknowledges that some of the mayors might have doubts about the new group known as americore .
ask the mayors of texas with you today ?
"the mayors of texas know because last summer they saw and learned as americores swept through the state of texas and in the course of eight weeks immunized over a , little kids ."
and i ask you to remember the words of edward gibbon as he described the collapse of athens two millenary ago .
"when the athenians finally wanted not to give to society , he wrote , but the society to give to them ."
"when the freedom they wanted the most was freedom from responsibility , then athens ceased to be free ."
"my friends , this is not going to happen here ."
"i believe that job training is , if there is a single , and there s not , but if there were to be a single most important issue , it is that ."
"the ability to allow someone to hold a job , to be trained for that , a meaningful job , not flipping hamburgers , but a meaningful job , therefore entitling them to the opportunity to raise a family and to achieve all those kinds of things that we talk about on a regular basis ."
and last month the administration unveiled its plan to create what are known as empowerment zones in six large cities and one mid sized city as well as in urban and rural enterprise zones .
"a . billion package of grants and tax incentives entices businesses to relocate in depressed areas , create jobs and revive the local economy ."
"which is the wrong approach according to new york times magazine writer nicholas leeman , author of the recent article titled , rebuilding the ghetto doesn t work ."
leeman argues that empowerment zones in every other city revitalization plan since president harry truman s urban renewal initiative in is based on the premise that the newly hired poor will choose to remain in the slums .
leeman notes that in fact many have actually moved out .
"a pattern , he says , that has been repeated millions and millions of times over the decades ."
"robert rechter , a domestic policy analyst for the conservative heritage foundation , argues that , in his view , the government continues to waste billions of dollars in a misguided effort ."
"the reality is that if additional federal money would have cured the problems of america s cities , we would ve cured them long , long ago ."
"since president lyndon johnson launched the war on poverty , which is largely an urban war , back in the united states of america has spent trillion on welfare , much of it going to the inner cities of the united states ."
"rechter adds that , as he sees it , dependence on welfare keeps many poor people in squalid conditions ."
one of the problems with joblessness in the inner city today is that the unemployed classes in the inner city have basically lost their historic mobility .
"when jobs dry up in an area conventionally americans move to other places where jobs are , and most research indicates that one of the problems in some of our inner city areas is that when the jobs dried up in those areas , the people did not move on , even among blacks ."
blacks are historically a very mobile population in our society .
"in many cases , the areas in the inner city where they live , they migrated to them within a generation ago ."
"the question is why when jobs dry up in those areas they re not moving on into more lucrative locations , and the reason is that the welfare system , our housing subsidy system and all of our manifold welfare programs , heavily subsidize them to remain where they are and to remain unemployed ."
robert rechter concludes that the main problem facing american inner cities is not a lack of government funding or services but the disintegration of the family and the collapse of moral values .
"but preaching to people doesn t necessarily get results , says george peterson , an urban analyst with the urban institute , a washington , d . c . think tank ."
"and i think there is a political consensus that s emerged that the right way to do that is to set up as many , and encourage as many community organizations , community groups , activities"
the same kind of things that make the suburbs an interesting place for children to live .
"for example , in terms of boy scouts and girl scouts and in church activities , after school activities , there s a dearth of that kind of supportive organization in most poverty areas ."
"in san francisco , mayor frank jordan tells a personal story about the importance of closeknit communities ."
his mother died when he was ten years old and his father became what is now known as a single parent .
we didn t have foster families in those days .
the neighbors pitched in and they helped us for awhile .
i lived with even an elementary classmate of mine .
the parents knew of the situation and took me in because they were in the immediate neighborhood .
the church helped out as well .
they found ways to just spontaneously start to get involved as a community .
"so l had an extended family and a support base that was very , very helpful to me ."
"frank jordan stayed out of trouble , he says , because friends and neighbors saw a family in need and they helped because it was the right thing to do ."
"america s troubled inner cities will experience a renaissance , he says , when people get back to helping each other as if they were family ."
"commentator john active traces his roots a long way back in the bethel , alaska , area ."
he thought he knew who he was .
"all this time i thought i was a full blooded yupik eskimo , and now i am told i am not ."
for over years i have been proud to be yupik and reveled in the honor of yupik hood .
"i relished feasting on fermented fishheads , liked dressing in furs , and had even become an expert at purchasing fresh ice at the supermarket ."
i didn t want to go around the rest of my life being a half baked alaskan .
"i telephoned juneau , the capital of alaska , and spoke with a specialist who knew about the natives enrollment in the alaska native claims settlement act ."
the act was in compensation for land unfairly taken away from alaska natives more than years ago .
nearly a million dollars and millions of acres of land have been paid out .
"at that time , in order for the natives to be compensated , an enrollment to certify eligibility was undertaken ."
"and in order to expedite the count , people were hired , predominantly non alaskan , who know little about us ."
so i m assuming they guessed at our blood quantum .
"the enrollment specialist told me if i wanted to change my statistics , i d have to go through my tribal organization ."
today i find myself hesitant to tell new acquaintances my ethnicity .
"i don t know but i ve always had a fetish for spears , swords , togas and laurels ."
"when i was young i hoped to grow up to be an indian , and would have had some sports team name their mascot after me ."
i m long john active .
"since i m only half yupik , should i call myself a yup or a pik ?"
. for the first two minutes .
technology converts the know why of science into know how for industry .
"in a wider sense , it is the practical application of man s inventiveness to the improvement of his well being and the increase of his wealth ."
"four essentials for technological advance are the right idea , the right method of putting it into effect , the right moment in time , and availability of the right materials ."
"so important is the last factor that successive cultures of the ancient world are defined in terms of the working of characteristic materials the old and new stone ages , the bronze age , and the iron age ."
"in one sense , technology is a body of knowledge about how to do things ."
i ll let you know where to go .
the sum of this knowledge had increased considerably by the middle ages .
"during the second half of the th century , there was a general shortage of skilled labor for the workshops and the mines ."
manpower had to be reinforced by machines .
"and technical colleges were also set up as a substitute for the craft apprenticeship , in order to foster the new skills that machinery demanded ."
"at a recent party for politicians , businessmen and military officers in moscow , anastasia fit right in ."
"with her shoulder length , bleached blond hair and long fingernails painted bright red , the compact year old weight kilograms , height centimeters could have been taken for a date , a mistress , a party girl ."
she coolly eyed guests as they wandered in and out of the restaurant .
"and instead of a purse , she carried a makarov pistol in a holster beneath her loose jacket ."
"these days in russia , bodyguards have become as unremarkable as the occasional disappearances of boris yeltsin ."
"the bodyguard business is good , thanks to the country s soaring crime rates and bloody mafia feuds ."
but not every protection minded russian wants to employ a beefy guy in a wide shouldered suit .
hence anastasia and the handful of other women bodyguards currently at work in the country .
that s our strength .
"that s right , says taisia plotnikova , the editor of a new russian magazine called bodyguard ."
they don t have to be very big and strong .
they just have to be very well trained .
"julia teryokhina , , who works for the alex agency in moscow , reports that she lost seven kilograms and was covered with bruises after undergoing two weeks of martial arts training ."
"anastasia is one of four women who just completed a two year program at tandem , a small bodyguard school on the outskirts of moscow ."
"oleg huriev , who runs tandem , trains his students to adapt to business settings ."
"they take classes on computers , psychology and one called businesswoman s image , along with the more traditional instruction in karate and the use of firearms ."
"the market , huriev says , is open for them ."
are women up to the job ?
many of the men who run security agencies don t think so .
"they view female candidates skeptically , arguing that they can t manage physically or that their clients come in expecting to hire men ."
"as the sole woman bodyguard at alex , teryokhina admits that she has worked only for foreign businessmen , who don t think the idea of female bodyguards is odd , or for the spouses of local businessmen ."
and she doesn t expect such attitudes to change quickly .
but the women have plenty of satisfied customers .
we were very happy with them .
"they were completely professional , says tatiana andreeva , the director of the miss moscow beauty contest , who used the tandem school team to guard the competition this year ."
this is a real discovery .
anastasia and her fellow female classmates are convinced they are on to something .
to open their own training school
your child s school may boast a room full of computers .
there are about students for every computer in schools .
"however , there are about students for every multimedia computer ."
some students are working on computers years old .
this is an issue we have to face head on .
the problem with older computers
"most newer software requires cd rom , sound and video capabilities ."
students aren t learning on the same equipment they will use in the business world .
"older computers can t take advantage of the internet , or if they can , retrieving information can be extremely slow ."
experts say the optimum ratio would be five kids to each multimedia computer .
"but before that can happen , schools must make computers a priority , though in times of cutbacks ."
unfortunately too many people still think that technology is nice but not necessary .
schools have to give youngsters this experience because computers are going to be part of their lives for the rest of their lives .
"they love the samba , carnival and thong bikinis ."
sex between consenting adults is nobody else s business .
"and people constantly talk , read and joke about sex with an ease that astonishes north american visitors ."
"the airwaves , especially , can shock strangers ."
"one recent episode , aired not long after students returned home from schools , included a bondage scene between a woman in leather and her daughter s boyfriend ."
but even in brazil there are limits .
and for the first time in the decade since democracy began taking the handcuffs off broadcasters .
brazilians have begun to draw the line .
he s not the only one .
the roman catholic church is rallying the faithful .
"politicians , deluged with complaints , are taking the offensive ."
and there s growing public support for a radical cure that once would have been anathema
brazil actually is far more conservative that the beach scene at ipanema would suggest .
abortion is illegal .
"few women dare suggest their lovers wear condoms for fear of insulting them , or being considered prostitutes ."
the entertainment industry rejects such subtleties .
"the audience is huge , especially for soap operas"
"more brazilian homes have televisions than refrigerators , and most sets are tuned to the soaps between p . m . and ."
"nude shots , sex acts and scenes with smutty dialogue ."
broadcasters argue that they re only giving people what they want .
but the networks seem to be losing the argument .
the federal justice ministry has fielded hundreds of complaints from individuals and from local governments in the country s conservative hinterland .
"a sao paulo catholic parents association recently filed a petition with , signatures calling for more discretion ."
government officials complain that the networks flout regulations requiring them to warn viewers about racy content .
but that game may get more difficult .
a committee of the federal senate now meets each week to review the week s programs for sexual content .
juvenile court judges are starting to demand script changes in programs that have child actors .
but he was the standard bearer for the hour economy .
"maine hunters and fishermen always knew they could count on l . l . if at a . m . they needed long underwear , or a warm cap ."
"they d give the sleigh bells on his front door a yank , and he d roll out of bed to make a sale ."
"today , l . l . bean is a billion dollar a year operation that does nearly of its business after hours ."
"no longer does the night belong to prowlers , insomniacs , and autoworkers on the graveyard shift ."
"rather , they clock more than half their workday outside ward cleaver s time zone , the one that starts after breakfast and ends before supper , monday through friday ."
"from big name financial service outfits to no name repair shops , businesses are responding to a collective impatience ."
"increasingly , the attitude is , if i m up , why aren t you ?"
"the people who serve them , in turn , want to eat and shop at their convenience ."
and folks who work the late shift want to take care of some household chores on the way home .
"that they can do , in any of walgreen drugstores , safeway supermarkets , and wal marts open all night around the country ."
unwinding late at night with a round of golf is a bigger challenge .
but heartland golf park in deer park will let you tee off until a . m .
"open only since may , heartland frequently has a hour wait at midnight ."
"some people come off work at midnight , and others want to play a few holes before they head for the office ."
the place is lit up like shea stadium .
"but the hour economy is not without its dangers , even on a golf course ."
heartland is so bright that the federal aviation administration is concerned that planes with faulty instruments might mistake it for nearby macarthur airport .
"manufacturing companies in everything from autos to steel have had multiple shifts for years , in part because it s cheaper to keep plants operating continuously than to shut them down and start them up again ."
the real growth in round the clock operations has been in the service sector .
"like a long row of dominoes , one hour service pushes against another and forces it to fall in line ."
"if you re stuck working on a holiday , you don t want to be stranded without your support systems ."
i was in the denver airport on christmas day and wondered if my insurance would cover a rental car .
"i called geico , and an agent gave me the go ahead ."
"if you can t fix my computer at a . m . , fine ."
i ll find someone who will .
"anne applebaum , a journalist on assignment in new york , ran into trouble one friday at p . m . when her computer broke down just as she was preparing to file a story to london ."
"pc computer doctor , a repair shop , picked up the machine , fixed it within hours , and gave a day guarantee ."
"you won t find that kind of service in london or anywhere else in europe , where hours tend to be short , lunches long , and weekends inviolable ."
all the so called hour companies tell you to call back on monday .
the economy that never stops has its downside .
"indeed , some of the world s worst industrial disasters have occurred at night , including those at chernobyl , bhopal , and the exxon valdez oil spill ."
"moore ede , a physiology professor at harvard medical school , estimates that the costs of fatigue"
add up to a staggering billion a year .
adults on the second or third shift often find they are totally out of sync .
i m the one leaving the party when everyone else is arriving .
"mirasola , a british , still lives on london time because she trades copper , aluminum , and other base metals that are most active on the london exchange ."
"her workday begins at a . m . at her home office , chats with her asian clients , and settles down to four hours of trading ."
at a . m . she drives ten minutes to her firm s office .
"by noon , she calls it a day ."
"before she goes to bed at p . m . , she likes to exercise , do a little shopping , and have dinner with her husband ."
the dinner part can be tough
companies that pioneer the night for their industries often find the gains to be prodigious .
says even companies trying to catch the trendsetters can add to revenues
"you have to assume that some of the business done at a . m . would have been done during the day , but not all of it ."
"estimates that more than of large u . s . companies work under the stars , at least in some aspects of their business ."
"as the folks at cnn say , it s always prime time somewhere ."
"kinko s inc . , a chain of copy shops , moved to a hour schedule when people literally started banging on its windows after hours ."
"they started knocking on the glass , begging us to let them in ."
the company s stores around the country are magnets for everyone from dreamers pursuing secret schemes and second careers to executives putting the final touches on tomorrow s presentation .
"in chicago , kinko s has hooked into a different dimension of the hour economy by opening an office in the lobby of the stouffer renaissance hotel ."
our customers were coming down at odd hours asking us to fax things abroad .
we weren t equipped to meet their needs .
"so last christmas , stouffer and kinko s began collaborating"
banks have long since given up bankers hours .
it used to be that atms and automated voices handled the after hours crowd .
now many banks are adding warm bodies around the clock who provide much more than basic account information .
"a leader is huntington bankshares in columbus , ohio ."
"if in perusing the newspaper late at night you see an ad for the car of your dreams , call a huntington loan officer ."
she ll tell you within ten minutes whether you should dream on .
huntington books of its loans in off hours .
business generated by its hour number equals that of full service branches .
the economics of running a business nonstop are elementary .
pennsylvania power light charges its industrial users about less for electricity purchased after hours .
"when a company breaks the barriers of a nine to five world , hours at full steam is hardly the only alternative ."
a skeleton crew may be all that s needed on the graveyard shift .
and sometimes two shifts are enough to meet demand .
maintenance crews often take over for a portion of each day .
"heartland golf park , for example , has to close for a few hours to replace divots and water the greens ."
says it has eliminated millions of dollars in waste and doubled its market share
since leading the night charge for the auto insurance industry in .
"if an attorney stays out of things , a person with a lower back or neck injury gets an average of , from the insurance company"
the good will generated by continuous service is harder to measure than the profits .
"l . l . bean , for one , has built the business on it ."
the biggest challenge posed by the nonstop economy may be a physiological one
how not to sleep through it .
we re simply not designed for this hour world we re created .
our internal clocks adapted us perfectly to a world where we slept by night and hunted by day .
he recommends that night workers take frequent catnaps .
"connie lehman , who sometimes works nights as cnn s director of video resources , says her solution is to maintain a well lit , high adrenaline environment , and then to sleep well during the day ."
"naps may take care of our bodies , but how about our souls ?"
we can t hold back the hour economy .
but even god rested on sunday .
"celeste taylor isn t sick , but she s carrying a deadly bacteria that could sweep through tampa general hospital , even kill her twin girls ."
it s mommy underneath this big mask .
it was worse right after the twins were born .
"for several days , celeste wasn t even allowed to see them ."
"two weeks after the births , doctors still won t permit skin to skin contact ."
her babies have yet to see their mother s face .
"everybody looks at you funny , and you feel like you have a disease ."
what celeste has is one of the most feared bacteria found in hospitals
"it preys on the sick and vulnerable , causing deadly blood infections , pneumonia , toxic shock ."
"fortunately , celeste doesn t have the bacteria in her bloodstream"
she s only a carrier .
"but staph kills an estimated , americans each year , more than die in car accidents , and killing the bacteria has become almost impossible ."
"staph has evolved , mutated and become immune to antibiotics ."
"today , only one antibiotic is effective against the kind of staph celeste has"
but how long will it hold up ?
"tens of thousands of additional deaths from a super staph , an apocalypse bug no drug can defeat ."
"the question now more asked is , why haven t we seen it yet ?"
"it s not , will we see it ?"
"so we re just very , very close to a situation where antibiotics are becoming obsolete ."
but it s still shocking to think that there are bacteria out there that we cannot treat .
that s not the way it was supposed to happen .
why is this happening ?
"in simple terms , misuse of antibiotics ."
"patients who don t finish an antibiotic prescription , kill off the weakest bacteria , allowing the strongest to survive ."
"if the bacteria is not killed and it becomes resistant , it can leave the individual and go to somebody else ."
i think we see bacteria that are literally laughing at all the antibiotics .
"in this rural setting outside of pottstown , pennsylvania , a woman has made medical history ."
her case proves how resourceful bacteria have become .
"so i figured , operate friday , she ll be out of here monday or tuesday , and then . . ."
"carol rothermel , a nurse , thought the operation on her sister joan reigh would be routine ."
"but joan ended up in the hospital days , primarily because of infections she developed after surgery ."
"doctors fought the bacteria with heavy doses of antibiotics , including vancomycin ."
"but over time , the germs developed resistance and took their toll ."
"henry fraimow , an infectious disease specialist , was trying to figure out why , after six months of antibiotics , joan was still sick ."
"as the name implies , it s already become immune to vancomycin and every other antibiotic ."
"but in joan s case , the organism made one more unexpected evolutionary leap ."
we were flabbergasted by what we saw .
what they saw is on this culture plate smeared with joan s bacteria .
a disk of vancomycin is in the middle .
"and you can see the only place on this plate that the bacteria are growing , are around that disk containing the vancomycin ."
"the bacteria not only resist the drug , but have evolved to the point where they thrive on it ."
"in response , doctors stopped giving joan vancomycin , and the bacteria died ."
"this was the first time ever scientists had seen the new bug , but it won t be the last ."
that adaptability worries scientists .
i can t see that this problem is going to get better .
all that s going to happen is it s going to get worse .
they have a special team on standby to race to any emergency .
how serious is the war with these organisms ?
"microbes have been around for three billion years , and we ve been around for a lot less time than that ."
the internet today has the same feeling of excitement that virtual reality had three or four years ago .
"not a day goes by without another news story on the information superhighway , businesses starting to use the internet , government plans for internet controls , privacy and porno on the internet , or the varieties of information which the internet offers ."
the possibilities for news stories are as wide as the internet itself .
those who do not using the net yet wants to know what it is and how to get there .
the internet is a huge network of networks .
a network is a group of computers joined to a host computer or server by modems or by cables .
these connections let the client computers communicate from one server to another .
"on the internet , all kinds of computers can communicate directly with each other and enter into thousands of different networks ."
"to get onto the internet you need a computer , a modem or cable connection , and a service provider , a way of entering the internet ."
"businesses , colleges , and government offices generally have private links between their computers and the outside world ."
"individuals work through a commercial provider like america online , compuserve , or , in japan , niftyserve and twics ."
one other thing that is needed
department of defense created a computer link between defense companies and universities doing military research .
three computers in california and one in utah were able to have easy contact with each other .
"over the next years , this became the internet , a global network which has more than million users ."
numbers of users are likely to double over the next year as more people buy personal computers and turn on to this new information tool .
most present users of the net simply exchange information with other people .
messages can be typed direct to another address or to a bulletin board for people who share a similar interest .
"after the kobe earthquake , for example , hundreds of people used the internet to find out about friends and family in the area ."
"in february , mastercard introduced a program to let its customers pay bills via the internet ."
more and more of the bulletin boards on the net are for buying and selling .
the most obvious purpose of advertising is to inform the consumer of available products or services .
the second purpose is to sell the product .
the second purpose might be more important to the manufacturers than the first .
the manufacturers only try to persuade customers to buy the product by creating a desire for it .
they know all the different motives that influence a consumer s purchase .
"furthermore , they take advantage of this knowledge ."
the consumer may want to copy the football star by using the product .
"at other times , people buy products to get the attention of other people ."
other purchases are for pleasure rather than need .
tickets to a baseball game or to a rock concert are examples of this kind of emotional motive .
"of course , need remains the most important reason for buying something ."
"food is a real need , but what about the sugarcoated breakfast food advertised on television ?"
it is neither necessary nor nutritious .
what causes or motivates the shopper to buy this product ?
most likely it is an emotional motive .
"imagine driving from maine to maryland virtually nonstop , breezing through hundreds of miles of turnpikes and bridges , never stopping at a tollbooth ."
this traveler s dream is actually a step closer to reality .
"the governors of connecticut , delaware , maine , maryland , massachusetts , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont agreed to work toward setting up a multistate system of etc , electronic toll collection ."
"under etc , tolls would be electronically deducted on the fly , as they already are in some states ."
"traffic congestion costs the nation about billion in lost productivity annually , so improving highway efficiency can be a boon ."
but privacy advocates say etc could turn highways into massive surveillance systems .
"besides raking in tolls , transportation departments also can suck up tons of personal information about a traveler , including driver s license data , license plate number , destination , highway speed , vehicle identification and time of day of travel ."
who controls this information ?
"will it be sold or merged into other databases available to insurance companies , credit bureaus , marketers and law enforcement agencies ?"
"indeed , privacy advocates say etc billing should be as anonymous as the coins tossed into tollbooths ."
the technology already exists for anonymous etc .
"new jersey s system is indifferent to your identity , says commissioner of transportation frank j . wilson ."
"and at comm , a massachusetts company , operates the north south tollway west of chicago , the largest etc installation in the country , with over lanes and more than , drivers billed electronically ."
"the decentralized system is organized not to pry into drivers privacy , says spokesman michael greenstein ."
"another etc company , dallas based amtech , can install systems using digital cash , which would afford complete privacy ."
"electronic toll collection is clearly in its infancy , and state planners are only now confronting privacy issues ."
the first running shoe was invented years ago .
but it took years for the industry to get out of its starting blocks .
today about m pairs of what europeans call trainers and americans call athletic footwear are sold around the world each year .
the average keen american jogger runs miles km a week .
so he or she could be buying a new pair every six months .
"of course , few wear out their shoes that fast"
most buy sports shoes to feel sporty without feeling sweaty .
but changing fashion wears out shoes just as fast as running .
"it is a marketeer s dream industry , combining fashion , utility , health , fitness , glamour and personalities , all tied together with megabuck advertising ."
but it is showing signs of premature ageing .
most of the growth in the . billion global sports shoe market is expected to come from emerging markets .
"this has not yet bothered america s nike , which has emerged as the market leader ."
nike announced a increase in pre tax first quarter profits on sales up compared with the same period last year .
"nike has . of the world market , compared with . for america s reebok and . for adidas , a german family company ."
"but this order has changed repeatedly over the past decade , and could do so again ."
"until the mid s , adidas was the clear leader ."
"but , the death of the founder s son left the firm adrift ."
"nike stepped in , with expensive advertising and promotion ."
its trick was to sign up famous sports personalities to equate the brand with their success .
nike persisted with this marketing strategy even when american and european teenagers tore off their sneakers or trainers to don british doctor marten boots and other grungy fashion footwear of the early s .
"now fashion has swung back its way , and nike is reaping the reward ."
"after early success in developing a new market for shoes for women , reebok has trailed in nike s wake ."
a bigger threat to nike is a revived adidas .
"after a disastrous period in the hands of bernard tapie , the firm was bought in by robert louis dreyfus , another french businessman , who had earlier helped to revive the ailing saatchi saatchi advertising group ."
louis dreyfus has moved all but of production from germany to asia .
"the workforce is down from a peak , to ,"
adidas has another advantage
"it makes a wide range of sports clothes , too , whereas three quarters of nike s and reebok s sales are from footwear ."
analysts reckon sales of sports clothing will grow faster than the shoes market .
adidas s pre tax profits for the second half of last year more than doubled on sales which rose by about .
"its next target is america , where it hopes to double its current low market share , at reebok s expense ."
but most of the future profits of the sports shoe business will be won in asia .
"that , as they say in the industry , is where the feet are ."
what would you say about someone who spent hours a day online ?
"not a research scientist , but a stay at home mom from texas ."
"what if she lied to her husband about the monthly phone bills , as high as ?"
what if you heard that her marriage dissolved and she became estranged from her children .
she worries about what s going to happen as more americans encounter the internet .
i believe it could be really bad and really dangerous for this country .
glenda may be as far overboard in her assessment of the future as she was in her computer use .
but she s certainly not alone in fretting about the infinite web s potential to collapse into an all absorbing black hole .
some experts estimate that to percent of the online community have serious internet addictions .
"kimberly young , a clinical psychologist and assistant professor at the university of pittsburgh , has submitted a paper on the problem for the next american psychological association meeting and would like to see the disorder added to diagnostic manuals ."
"rich barrette , an ohio university grad student , started his webaholics web page a year ago after watching the academic careers of two close friends go down the drain ."
"it has since drawn , visits ."
"there are also interneters anonymous , and the member internet addiction support group , founded by a new york psychiatrist ."
"kenneth gergen , a swarthmore college professor and psychologist , is a little more tactful but no less discouraging ."
it can certainly sound that way .
"stella yu , a college senior from carson , calif . , says she s struggling with her obsession ."
she first went online in the late s .
"now yu , , drags herself out of bed at a . m . to squeeze in a few hours online before school ."
"she logs on between classes , and then , later , at her part time job ."
"once home , the surf s up until bedtime at a . m ."
"my whole day is planned around this , she says ."
"her grades have fallen , and so has the ax at home , where she argues with her father over phone bills as high as ."
i always make promises i m going to quit
that i ll just use it for research .
"i use it for research for minutes , then i spend two hours chatting ."
"still , yu stops short of calling herself an addict ."
"indeed , pittsburgh s young understands the skepticism ."
"steve jones , chair of the university of tulsa s communications department , says worry is overblown"
widespread use can t be achieved without making us fearful that it s going to become addictive .
"if we look at movies , television , books , there s always a fear that somehow they re going to keep us from making contact and creating human relationships ."
"after all , the average tv viewer spends more than hours a week in front of the tube , while the average interneter burns a comparatively measly five and a half hours ."
but a few people do fall prey .
"mit sociologist and clinical psychologist sherry turkle says that while people may feel addicted , the true difficulty lies elsewhere ."
"most problem onliners spend their time in chat rooms , e mailing or otherwise communicating ."
and self described net addicts think themselves less worthy in person than online .
"people need to appreciate that if they re warm , clever , funny and kind online , then these qualities belong to them ."
"more and more women are in the military these days , and as their numbers grow , so do their responsibilities ."
"a study says the air force offers the best chance for employment , with percent of the jobs open to women ."
but the marines remain a nearly exclusive male domain with only percent of the jobs open to women .
"women are still excluded from direct combat roles , although women would be among the casualties on today s battlefield ."
and most military women don t want to be excluded .
"and with more exposure to dangerous military missions , many are hoping the remaining barriers in the u . s . military will fall ."
"asia is developing its industries and its economies at breakneck speed and , at the same time , creating a multi billion dollar need for environmental solutions ."
the world bank cited the following areas as those in most need of assistance
"air pollution , water resources , deforestation and land degradation , rising energy demands , the processing and elimination of toxic waste , and dumping ."
"of the international market for environmental goods and services , the asian demand alone is expected to exceed billion ."
environmental protection legislation throughout asia is surprisingly well developed and sophisticated .
"but , with the single exception of singapore , compliance and enforcement do not necessarily follow , as governments struggle to balance the protection of the environment with the economic imperatives of development ."
"peter nadebaum , principal of environmental sciences and engineering consultants , cmps f , said developed countries have adequate environmental laws and policies , whereas underdeveloped countries feel they just cannot afford them ."
they need to find a balance between their immediate economic survival and the longer term need to protect their environments .
"in developing countries , where industrial waste is discharged directly into rivers and drains , the problem is that there is no concept of hazardous waste , therefore , the will to implement the regulations lacks any sense of urgency ."
environmental legislation comes at a high cost to countries which are trying to survive economically .
"survival calls for short term thinking , but environmental protection is the domain of long term visionaries ."
somewhere there is a balance .
the balance is now being demanded of their governments by the rapidly expanding middle classes of asia pacific .
"they are setting the agenda for change in countries like indonesia , thailand , china , south korea , taiwan and malaysia , where water quality is the first focus , to be followed by air pollution and then waste management ."
the indonesian environment has outstanding scientific conservation value containing to of the world s biological diversity .
"in contrast to many developing countries , indonesia also has plentiful natural resources including petroleum and non petroleum energy resources , rich soils , and closed canopy forest ."
indonesia made its commitment to the basic concepts of sound environmental management early and has a long history of integrating economic development and protection of the environment .
"however , along with other developing countries , the nation could not fund all its priority areas simultaneously and consequently its environment has suffered in the process of development ."
"indonesia s industrial development has been so rapid that , environmental issues have come to the fore on a significant scale throughout industry ."
"high demand sectors for waste water technologies include agri business and food processing , textiles and tanneries , electroplating and distilleries ."
"but balancing social and environmental concerns with the interests of a growing population in search of higher incomes and living standards , is the greatest challenge of all ."
"farmers , for example , have increased their incomes and more people have been able to remain on the land because of improved crop varieties , irrigation , fertilizers and pesticides which have increased the yields of farm lands ."
forests and other natural vegetation have subsequently been cleared to expand the areas under cultivation .
shrimp farms have increased employment opportunities at the expense of mangrove forests and other natural vegetation .
higher employment and incomes have been generated by the commercial logging industry which has been growing since the mid s and is now further boosted with the dramatic expansion of the domestic plywood and other timber industries .
"mining and resources industries , especially petroleum and gas , small scale gold mining and quarrying for construction materials , have generated economic rewards and substantial growth in employment ."
"new industries have sprung up everywhere , some for domestic processing of agricultural commodities and some for import substitution ."
as well several million people have migrated to urban areas in search of income and employment .
"all of these changes have had a significant environmental impact particularly on the quality of water , and the loss of both flora and fauna in relatively untouched areas ."
bio diversity has been reduced .
"atmospheric pollution by particles and chemicals , and problems in the disposal of solid wastes are further environmental consequences of growth ."
many changes are taking place in food styles in the united states .
the united states is traditionally famous for its very solid and unchanging diet of meat and potatoes .
now we have many different alternatives to choose from
ethnic restaurants and supermarkets are commonplace in the united states .
"because the united states is a country of immigrants , there is an immense variety ."
health food gained popularity when people began to think more seriously about their physical well being .
"i . e . , there are no preservatives to help it last longer or other chemicals to make it taste or look better ."
fast food restaurants are now expanding rapidly all over the country .
"in the united states , speed is a very important factor ."
people usually have a short lunch break or they just don t want to waste their time eating .
"america s attitude toward food is changing , too ."
the traditional big breakfast and dinner at
"like so many people in other cultures , many americans are taking time to relax and enjoy the finer tastes at dinner , even if they still rush through lunch at a hamburger stand ."
the introduction of environmental rules is a painful process .
the evaluation of the environmental impact of large scale projects necessarily uses environmental expertise intensively .
price incentives have to be examined carefully to ensure that they do not lead to detrimental environmental practices .
"commercial waste , for example , has to be costed as a cost of production component ."
subsidized rates for water supply and energy lead to resource waste .
"indonesia is looking for new technologies and management systems for waste minimization , treatment and , where possible , recycling or reuse ."
there is greater coordination between those who protect the environment and those who cause it problems .
regulations for monitoring and enforcing of environmental policies are also being strengthened .
"in successive five year development plans , indonesia has acknowledged the strains being placed on the environment by rapid economic growth ."
the basic law on conservation stresses community participation and provides the basis for environmental impact assessment .
"in complete contrast , the tiny island republic of singapore , which generates a large variety of toxic wastes from its heavy engineering and manufacturing industries , has tough environmental laws ."
singapore s . million people live in square kilometers .
"about of the island is used for commercial , residential and industrial purposes ."
"around is used for agriculture , while the remaining comprises forests , reserves and other non built up areas ."
"important sectors of the singapore economy include manufacturing , trade , financial and business services , transport and communications ."
heavy engineering and manufacturing are mainly located in the jurong industrial estate at the southwestern area of the island .
clean industries such as light engineering and electronics are scattered in areas near population centers .
"the pollution control department of the ministry of the environment controls toxic wastes , and the control begins when a new factory is at the planning stage ."
"singapore generates a variety of toxic wastes , such as waste oil , spent solvent , spent enchant and waste sludge ."
industries which do not have such facilities are required to engage approved waste disposal contractors to collect their wastes for recycling or treatment .
recovery and reuse of wastes is encouraged as this reduces the amount disposal .
wastes that cannot be recycled must be treated and rendered safe for disposal .
singapore uses various methods and technologies for treatment and disposal of toxic wastes
biological treatment for biodegradable liquid wastes
physical and chemical treatment
"fixation or immobilization , which binds the toxic"
most liquid wastes are treated by in house treatment plants .
"aqueous wastes , after treatment are normally discharged into the sewer for further treatment at sewage treatment works ."
"elsewhere in the region , hong kong generates , tons of air pollution a day , which is roughly divided into sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide , plus uncountable tons of suspended particulate ."
the territory is also undergoing what is considered the world s largest construction boom .
entire islands and mountains have disappeared to be used in land reclamation sites and for the new chek lap kok airport .
"in just one aspect of the construction , million cubic meters of soft marine mud must be dredged from the seabed and replaced with million cubic meters of sand excavated from other marine locations ."
"however , contractors must satisfy the strict requirements of hong kong s environmental protection department ."
"the department has mandated water monitoring stations covering hong kong s territorial waters and two boats to monitor dissolved oxygen , turbidity , suspended solids and temperature ."
the dredgers working on the airport and related projects are also obliged to dispose of marine mud in designated sites .
they were fitted with satellite navigation positioning devices to make sure that they complied with this regulation .
"in the caucasus region of the soviet union , nearly out of every , people live to celebrate their th birthday , and many don t stop at !"
but these soviet old people aren t alone .
these peoples remain healthy in body and spirit despite the passage of time .
"what accounts for this ability to survive to such old age , and to survive so well ?"
"first of all , hard physical work is a way of life for all of these long lived peoples ."
another factor that may contribute to the good health of these people is their isolation .
they never eat more food than their bodies need .
"it is clear that isolation from urban pressures and pollution , clean mountain air , daily hard work , moderate diets , good genes , and a youthful approach to life all contribute to the health and remarkable long life of all these people ."
i ve seen some weird stuff .
like little lights flopping around in the sky .
they re working with unearthly technologies out
the most important thing that . . . to remember when
nevada highway shoots across the high desert landscape in what seems like an endless straight line .
it might as well be a road to the twilight zone because it takes us to a place that doesn t exist .
"somewhere beyond these mountains , two and a half hours outside of las vegas , there is a secret airbase where spy planes like the stealth fighter and the blackbird first tested their wings ."
"you won t find the base on any map , but you will find it in these old satellite pictures we discovered , taken by both the soviets and the u . s . government ."
"we see runways , buildings and what looks like large trenches ."
what do people do there ?
"for some unofficial answers , we stopped at the nearest town we could find"
"one dog , one flagpole and one bar called the little a le inn ."
there s things over there that . . . would boggle
and i think there s a lot of aliens out there .
you see a lot of different things that sometimes it s
not wise to talk about .
people here tell us about seeing strange lights in the sky and about rumors of captured ufos stored in secret hangars .
"but just down the road , we hear a different story at the area research center ."
"the alien stories that emerge around here , most of"
glen campbell quit his job with a computer company to work full time uncovering the inner workings of area .
this is the best publicized secret base in the
"country , yet the government won t acknowledge"
how long have you been looking into this base ?
i ve been here for two years .
and what do you know about what happens in that
i really don t know .
i know some of the routine procedures
but i don t know what s going on in
"there , and frankly a lot of the workers don t know"
what s going on in there .
it s a holdover of the cold war .
"the perfect place for a government to keep its secrets and , allegedly , the perfect place to commit a crime ."
"base workers , risking imprisonment , came forward to tell us how government contractors allegedly used area as a secret dumping ground ."
they describe how under armed guard classified materials were dumped into large open trenches and set on fire .
the workers tell us they developed health problems after breathing the smoke .
"they say their complaints were ignored , and requests for protective clothing were denied ."
law professor jonathan turly represents mrs .
frost and base workers in a suit against the military .
we re only asked one question to this government
and what did they say to you ?
they said that we don t understand the question
admit that it exists ?
"once you admit that the base is there , you become"
liable for any crimes that may have gone on there .
we followed campbell and about other amateur spies to a ridge on public land where part of area is actually exposed to public view .
what do you think is hiding behind that ridge ?
just make yourself comfortable and enjoy the scenery .
"here , honey , or over there ?"
you can see some of them right now .
"yeah , i can see them ."
"with a pair of binoculars , the nondescript buildings and hangars we found are surprisingly easy to see ."
"the government gets to spy on us all the time ,"
now we can spy back .
"but , as it turned out , we weren t the only ones lurking in the desert that day ."
"guards in white vehicles appeared in the distance , watching us as we watched the base ."
disney thinks that they are so big we can t hurt them .
"but when you get too big for your britches , you ve got problems coming ."
why target a company that can be nauseatingly wholesome ?
because disney is producing entertainment that afa believes morally suspect .
"worse , disney has extended health benefits to the live in partners of gay employees ."
"as wildmon mobilizes his zealots , is mickey quaking in his oversize shoes ?"
says spokesman john dreyer with a shrug
disney is not alone .
"his outfit was boycotting the retailer because its waldenbooks division , now spun off , was selling playboy"
"than afl cio members got their noses out of joint because kmart buys ads in the detroit news , where a nasty strike is in progress ."
want to attract boycotters ?
mcdonald s was for years dogged by environmentalists who spread a false but devilishly persistent rumor that big macs contained beef from cows raised on land cleared from latin american rain forests .
sighs mcdonald s spokesman chuck ebeling
"with , locations nationwide , we re a lightning rod for the issue ."
"the irony is that by the time a company gets big and visible enough to make irate consumers vote with their feet , it s too big for a boycott to affect it much ."
"in october , a coalition of dairy farmers , consumer groups , and environmentalists in wisconsin announced a boycott of monsanto , claiming that its genetically engineered products are unsafe ."
monsanto was unaware of the boycott until a reporter called the company s headquarters in st .
and what s the point in boycotting a product you never use anyway ?
"christian fundamentalists in kansas and elsewhere are swearing off coors beer , a seemingly odd choice given the highly conservative bent of the coors family ."
"but the brewer , like disney , now buys health insurance for people whom boycott leader fred phelps sr ."
"odder still , baptists don t seem to be the types who knock back a few cold ones after church ."
"coors spokesman joe fuentes allows as how the afl cio boycott of the late s , which included people like ironworkers and truck drivers , was a far greater blow ."
"in cyberspace , china seems an upside down caricature of the real thing ."
dozens of web sites offer critical views that are forbidden on beijing s streets .
pictures of the bloody tiananmen crackdown are available .
so does beijing fear the power of cyberspace ?
"last month , beijing signed a deal with a dallas based firm that will provide internet access in all province and regions of china ."
asia accounted for just a small fraction of the estimated million users worldwide .
"but usage in the region , which is expected to be the epicenter of global economic growth in the st century , has exploded ."
"in india and south korea , which a few years ago opened up full service , the number of users has increased exponentially ."
the number of net hosts
"the implications are enormous for asian nations , where doctrines from confucianism to communism militate against the free circulation of ideas ."
"that has fed a fear among governments that information would take on a more sinister , even subversive aspect ."
"indeed , many look to singapore , that unrepentant island of discipline , as a model ."
"singapore authorities caused an uproar in by searching , files on a business network ."
"when they uncovered five pornographic images , they sent stern warnings to the offenders ."
but the authorities have not been able to keep up with the net s explosive growth .
"the amount of data moving on the net quadrupled , according to a national university of singapore study ."
singapore s economic planners hope to turn the nation into a wired island in which every home and institution is connected to a central internet gateway by the end of the year .
that s a censor s nightmare .
singapore plans to police only public areas .
"in indonesia , the military has proposed blacking out objectionable information ."
but for now it has focused on pumping out progovernment information .
"in china , too , the government may simply drown out the cyberdissidents ."
beijing has widely advertised the new net services even before issuing a planned set of behavior regulations .
it is encouraging scholarly exchanges and new business opportunities .
"beijing has even launched its own official electronic magazine , the chinese scholar ."
some say it s overreacting .
china s fear of the internet has been much exaggerated .
"many of these dissident groups have been online for a decade , and they haven t really subverted anything ."
environmental protection no longer means an end to economic development
both commerce and the planet can prosper .
ten to twelve percent of the amazon jungle has been destroyed since .
"a necessary evil , say the cattle ranchers , gold miners and plantation owners ."
"if you want to make money , you have to clear land ."
but these days that rationale is being questioned .
a group of natural scientists have developed an economic model to back up their theory that it s more profitable to leave the jungle standing and harvest the natural forest products .
they call the concept sustainable development .
"in the economic model , two and a half acres were put to various uses ."
timber brought in only a few hundred dollars more .
"but if the forest products latex , fruit and medicinal herbs were gathered and sold in local markets , the value of the land doubled ."
some governments are beginning to see the logic of this approach .
brazil has set up areas where this type of sustainable development is being practiced .
the success of that experiment will determine the fate of the rest of the amazon .
"even the experts were stunned when they saw the data showing that the u . s . had grown fatter , not thinner , over the past years ."
"it just blew my mind , says albert stunkard , a university of pennsylvania professor who has been studying obesity since the s ."
one international study discovered that americans now lead the world in body mass .
"while stunkard and his colleagues don t have easy explanations , they generally blame various size portions of sloth , gluttony , and genes ."
"those who favor sloth as the main cause trot out a report on what caused weight gains among , finnish adults over five years"
low levels of physical exercise were more closely tied to obesity than any habitual eating pattern .
"but if sloth is the principal villain , americans should be losing a little weight ."
surveys show that slightly more of us were exercising in than five years earlier .
most experts maintain that diet is more important .
it s usually easier to lose weight by changing your diet than to exercise three or four hours a day .
"still , the authorities agree that exercising is also critical to maintain normal weight after losing pounds ."
"mindful of this , lovejoy , a trim year old vegetarian keeps a decree from her superego over her desk"
"a luscious poster of the louisiana food lovers pyramid , with pecan pie at the top and , along the bottom , gator , crayfish , oysters , and crabs ."
and we continue to go out to eat
"cents of every food dollar now goes for meals prepared outside the home , compared with cents in"
exposing us to ever huger plates of food in restaurants that compete on portion size .
"the , foot snowcapped volcano on new zealand s north island put on a stunning display before dawn , shooting red hot rocks , glowing ash and debris thousands of feet into the air ."
"plumes of black , brown and gray smoke soared eight miles high above the volcano , and strong tremors were felt up to miles away ."
rumblings deep within the earth were heard miles away .
no injuries or major damage was reported .
"but dozens of aircraft were grounded , diverted or turned back , causing chaos for thousands of travelers , particularly at auckland international airport , miles north of the eruption ."
jets have been known to stall when their engines take in large amounts of ash .
roads around the mountain were sealed off by police as a precaution .
the countries of south east asia have rarely controlled their own destinies .
even peace and unprecedented prosperity have not shaken the assumption that south east asia s fate will be decided by outsiders .
westerners still often refer to the area as japan s backyard or part of the yen block .
the economic stars of the region
"singapore , thailand , malaysia and indonesia"
have followed a distinctive path to development .
"as a result , they are now exporting not just goods , but ideas ."
"the economic strategies of china and india look much more like those followed in south east asia , rather than the north east asian model of japan or south korea ."
it is much more open to foreign direct investment .
the tigers of south east asia have built their booms by welcoming foreigners .
"singapore , which practically invented this strategy , now has an economy dominated by multinational companies ."
the export industries of thailand and malaysia are also heavily reliant on foreign firms .
"there is much admiration in south east asia for the japanese and south korean governments sponsorship of steel , shipbuilding and other heavy industries ."
"both indonesia and malaysia have tried nurturing winners , in aerospace and cars respectively ."
but such efforts remain peripheral .
"in indonesia , the framework for growth has been established by a determinedly orthodox group of economists who have concentrated on macroeconomic stability and opposed subsidies ."
malaysia s state backed car industry has yet to prove itself commercially viable .
"by contrast thailand , which has followed the standard south east asian strategy of luring in foreign direct investment , seems likely to become the regional hub for motor manufacturing ."
south east asian countries have also been much quicker to let financial markets flourish .
"by contrast , the stockmarkets of thailand , malaysia and indonesia were cleared for take off early on the path to economic development , allowing companies to raise more money without heavy borrowing ."
"manage the kind of economic miracles achieved in other parts of asia , they seem likely to do it the south east asian way ."
both countries have set out to court foreign direct investment .
china took in billion worth in alone .
india got into the game much later .
but even its nominally communist politicians are now eagerly scouting the world for foreign investors .
both countries still have large state sectors .
"but both now see their nationalized industries primarily as a burden that must be reformed , rather than as the fulcrum of an economic strategy ."
"finally both china and india , like the south east asians , have encouraged companies to raise capital through their frenetic stockmarkets ."
"in the inward looking economies of china and india in the s , s and s , directed lending and industrial planning were a disaster ."
both japan and south korea rose to economic power when stable asian allies seemed more important to western politicians than closed asian markets .
"and with thailand , malaysia and singapore rattling along with economic growth rates of over a year , the days when south east asia could simply be dismissed as japan s backyard are over ."
most people are no more interested in how government or politics works .
government in general is even less interesting .
"government is a technical undertaking , like the building of rocketships or the organizing of railroad yards ."
"the issues which attract public notice usually involve raising money for taxes , spending money for public works , defense , education , crime in the streets , and , most important of all , the economy ."
"when times are bad , or where there is a nationwide strike or disaster , everyone becomes interested in the economy ."
most serious political communication is limited to forty five seconds on the television evening news .
"but why are some people apparently born to be lean , while others get fat on normal diets ?"
"in one study of adults who had been adopted at early ages , researchers found that the subjects levels of fatness were much closer to those of their biological parents than to those of their adoptive ones ."
"such studies have led to the consensus that weight is about a matter of genes , which in turn has bolstered the idea that many of us must spend a lifetime in struggle against our heredity ."
but a few years ago skeptics took a hard look at what fat people actually eat in real life and found that obese subjects consistently underreport their calorie intake by some .
"normal weight people typically underreport too , but by about ."
"but although a naturally slow metabolism may not cause people to gain pounds , new evidence suggests that everyone s metabolism may perversely slow down when they try to lose ."
"in march a rockefeller university team published a study in the new england journal of medicine showing that when research volunteers lost about of their weight by dieting , their overall calories burned fell still further"
the lower burning occurred in both normal and obese people and was due partly to metabolic slowing
"as if the hand of an invisible enemy were on the body s thermostat , offsetting hard won reductions of consumed calories ."
"thus , it appears , there really is a food demon"
it s that insidious inner thermostat trying ceaselessly to keep our stored fat at a constant level .
negotiations for a global ban on testing nuclear weapons have reached a turning point with only two weeks to go until the deadline .
we have two days to go .
"two hamburgers to go , please ."
the nation conference on disarmament planned rare weekend sessions in an attempt to break deadlocks in at least four issues .
the conference has set june as the deadline for completion of the english language text so that it can be translated into other u . n . languages and be ready to meet the u . n .
general assembly s demand that it be ready for next september s session .
a major issue to be decided is the so called entry into force how many of the eight countries considered capable of having nuclear weapons would have to sign to make the treaty become effective .
"britain is insisting that all eight would have to ratify , but some countries don t want to name nations to avoid giving any special status ."
"the eight include britain , china , france , russia and the united states , all of which acknowledge having nuclear arsenals ."
i believe him to be honest .
he is believed to be honest .
the only major movement in recent weeks was china s dropping its insistence that it be allowed to conduct peaceful nuclear explosions under the treaty on the theory that they might be useful for massive engineering projects like digging canals .
the heavens rained news last week .
they presented conclusive evidence that stars the size of our sun have planets and those planets might be able to support life .
"they saw for the first time galaxies forming at the dawn of time , thanks to pictures taken by the hubble space telescope ."
"and they learned that at least half of our own milky way galaxy is composed of ordinary stuff , not exotic , as yet undiscovered particles that some have postulated ."
here s how to understand the highlights .
"if one other planetary system is found , the argument goes , then the universe surely must contain many others ."
"and if another planet is found that has propitious conditions for the formation of life , then , perhaps , we are not alone ."
the two planets discovered by geoffrey marcy of san francisco state university and his associate paul butler are not the first ones ever discovered beyond our solar system .
the reason they are so exciting is that they begin to meet the test of possible life .
"they orbit the stars virginis , in the constellation virgo , and ursae majoris , in the big dipper ."
"both stars are about the size of the sun , and their planets are gaseous like jupiter , only bigger ."
"the temperature of the planet orbiting virginis is probably about degrees , allowing liquid water in a nice toasty warm bath , marcy says ."
that s about right for complex organic molecules to form similar to those that presumably led to life on earth .
water on the second planet is probably frozen .
"the planet around virginis is particularly important , observes robert brown , a planetary systems specialist at the space telescope science institute in baltimore ."
it is the first find with characteristics of mass and orbit that are similar to the solar system .
the planet circles its sun every days and probably was formed by the same kind of event that caused the solar system .
the discovery of the planets will spur a host of new searches .
astronomers aren t able to see planets directly with telescopes because light from the stars they orbit is too bright .
"instead , a planet s existence is deduced from wobbles of the star around which it orbits caused by the planet s gravitational force ."
"the wobbles , in turn , make the wavelength of light from the star shift slightly , and the shifts can be detected from earth ."
the two new planets were found using a inch telescope at the university of california s lick observatory .
"when the hubble space telescope was first proposed , astronomers wanted it to be a time machine that could look back nearly to the beginning of the universe to see what was happening ."
"of course , hubble is used for lots of other observational purposes ."
"for days through december . , williams kept hubble trained on a narrow stretch of sky near the handle of the big dipper that is uncluttered by nearby objects ."
"the orbiting telescope took pictures during the entire time , exposures in all ."
"once transmitted to earth , the frames were assembled into a single image that reveals a bewildering array of galactic shapes and colors ."
"some , in fact , looked as if they were beginning to evolve into classic spiral shapes ."
nearly billion times fainter than can be seen by the human eye
that they have not been seen by the largest terrestrial telescopes .
"hubble , in effect , was looking at fossils that offer clues about how galaxies develop , and they are key to understanding the fate of the universe ."
"we are seeing some of the galaxies as they were billion years ago , in the process of formation ."
"as these images have come up on our screens , we have not been able to keep from wondering if we might somehow be seeing our own origins in all of this ."
one of the most puzzling and compelling questions for astronomers is what the universe is made of .
"by studying how galaxies move , they can calculate how much mass is needed to produce the motions ."
"but when they count up what they see , the visible objects add up to only a th of the matter that is needed to account for galactic motions ."
"but an international team from the lawrence livermore national laboratory , the university of california and the mt ."
"stromlo observatory near canberra , australia , has now presented strong evidence that much of the missing stuff is ordinary matter astronomers call machos"
a combination that wasn t technically or economically possible until this decade
the team photographed million stars in the large magellanic cloud nearly every night for the past two years .
the computers watched to see if any of the stars got brighter for a period of one to four months .
"if so , it meant that a macho in the halo of the milky way too faint to be seen from the ground had been detected passing between the large magellanic cloud and the telescope ."
the macho s massive gravity acts like a lens to magnify the light from the distant star and reveal that something is out there .
"in two years , the team recorded seven such microlensing events ."
that meant there are enough machos in the halo of the galaxy to account for at least half the necessary dark matter .
"in fact , team members say privately , other evidence they re collecting suggests that they may be finding all the matter that s needed ."
"next week , more news from the heavens is expected as nasa reveals what the galileo probe discovered as it parachuted down through jupiter s roiling atmosphere on december ."
we praise those people who have lived through the impossible or succeeded where others would fail .
"but this week , we dedicate the first part of our show to the people who did not survive"
"the more than , victims who died when the atomic age was born , when the u . s . dropped the first unclear bombs on japan ."
we begin our look back with the question
"should the united states have unleashed the terrible power of nuclear weapons on japan , or could world war ii have ended in a less violent way ?"
"this week , we put that question to three people who have given it much thought , and this is what they said ."
there is no question the united states should have dropped the atomic bombs on japan in the summer of .
the japanese were showing no signs of surrender .
they did want to negotiate .
"but as we were watching their troop movements , and we knew intimate details because we d broken their military and diplomatic codes , as we watched their military troop movements and their political maneuvering , we knew that they were waiting for us to invade ."
"they wanted one great invasion battle , where their kamikazes , their troops , even their civilians , could inflict massive casualties on our assault forces and force us into negotiations ."
truman had to drop the bomb .
he had no choice in the summer of .
we should not have dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima .
"i think the evidence we now have is that the japanese were attempting to find a way to surrender , and the top military leaders of the united states , almost to a man , understood that this was not a matter of military necessity ."
"moreover , the united states and great britain were taking their armies out of europe , and they were about to move all of that power that had defeated hitler to the far east , to join that war ."
"and finally , the russians were mounting their troops on the manchurian border about to enter this war ."
"so , i think japan was on its last legs , and there s clear evidence that they were prepared to surrender so long . . . above all , not unconditionally , but on the condition that the emperor of japan , a figure who played the role of a god in their culture be given some assurance that he would not be deposed ."
"i think that was a condition , but i also think that u . s . leaders did not see that as a major problem ."
"to finish the war as soon as possible , that was the understandable decision by the president truman ."
"at that time , the japanese military forces still possessed more than , airplanes , were going to be used as suicide attack , like a kamikaze , and most of the japanese military leaders were against to surrender to the allied nations ."
they were asserting to fight against the allied nations until the complete destroy of the japanese manpower and properties .
he was looking at america and the world in the summer of .
"i think actually the evidence is that perhaps because a decision was made to wait , wait for the atomic bomb test , perhaps more lives may have been lost , as some historians have argued ."
and i think that may be right .
"one by one , american companies are giving up their leadership ."
one example is the flight of u . s . manufacturing operations abroad .
"over the past four years , some u . s . companies have established their factories in northern mexico because of cheap labor costs ."
they work solely for money .
"as a result , they are treated either as tools or numbers , rarely as human beings ."
"were the competition not so great , americans might get away with this behavior ."
"but others like the japanese , koreans , and taiwanese are only too ready to step in and sell their quality goods at cheaper prices ."
"americans once believed in such values as diligence , prosperity , and progress ."
"but new values have arisen , beginning with the hippic creed of the s ."
"these new values include play , nature , and freedom ."
the same holds true for europe .
thus the challenge to america comes not from europe but from asia where people put work before leisure and prosperity before freedom .
"much of what you must know to succeed in business these days is not easily learned in a book or classroom , as the surrounding article makes clear ."
"acquiring key business skills , such as perceiving and controlling emotions in oneself and others , is a subtle process ."
"but much else of what you need is just meat and potatoes knowledge , things you can learn in a semester or less by taking the right course ."
"this will help you understand , among other things , how your company raises and allocates capital ."
"it will also make clear why that new product your team has designed might not be launched , despite its sensational showing in test markets ."
a dismaying number of managers don t know how to read a balance sheet or a profit and loss statement .
"so sign up for a course in these fundamentals , as well as some more sophisticated ideas ."
a course that will teach you the basics of word processing and spreadsheets is essential .
you can also take instruction in how to navigate the internet .
"this is where you will learn how to target a market , capitalize on brand equity , position a product , and use market research techniques ."
high tech companies may be in particular jeopardy of drifting away from consumers .
they are so avant garde in their skills that they invent solutions to imaginary problems while forgetting what their customers really need in the workaday world .
learn how to talk the walk
"you may know your stuff , but technical prowess won t get you to the top unless you can express yourself in written and spoken words to a variety of audiences"
"customers , colleagues , analysts , journalists , and many more ."
"and when you can do that well , you might be in great demand ."
this might seem a subject too narrow for the generalist .
"but it s a good bet that in this era of tightening budgets and limited commitments , your company again and again faces the question of whether to hire a permanent staff for a new project , bring in temps , or have a subcontractor far away handle it ."
sooner or later the question will wind up in your department .
this course will help you evaluate the costs and contributions of insiders and outsiders and come up with the best mix .
it will also help you avoid inflammatory combinations of permanent and temporary employees .
"this is the course in which you learn how to keep people working together , even when they don t want to ."
"for example , you are the leader of a cross functional team that has to identify outmoded computers and give them to a local high school ."
it is hard for you to motivate team member wilson because you have no authority to promote or fire him .
the trick is to convince his line boss that nothing is more vital to the company at the moment than community relations .
a course in team building might also instruct you in how to motivate people when there is less opportunity to reward them with bigger titles and salaries .
take a course that will keep you and your company from violating equal opportunity law .
but the instruction ought to view affirmative action as something more than a downside risk .
"if you learn to work well in and lead a group that includes , say , ethnic minorities and handicapped workers , you may convince your superiors that you are one of the select few who can function brilliantly in a global marketplace that is ever more inclusive and complicated ."
"some of the world s people live in cities , a proportion which is rising rapidly ."
cities in the developing world are growing the fastest .
there are cities in china with populations over m .
"old cities , especially in america , will continue to decline , creating social and racial problems ."
and all cities will find themselves in increasing competition with each other
this will be particularly sharp between the great cosmopolitan centers .
in there will be a growing realization that the success of cities depends on their integration with their surrounding urban areas .
"in downtown chicago and new york the top rent for office buildings in will remain at or below per square foot a year excluding service charges , with or more of office space standing empty , despite several years of economic growth ."
"in midtown new york the vacancy level is lower and rents generally higher , although in real terms rents will remain lower than years ago ."
a survey of office tenants in britain confirms a trend that is common for mature economies
"companies are seeking cost efficient , good quality buildings in order to remain competitive"
and city centers are generally regarded as inefficient .
the original pull to the suburbs was to be in a more pleasant place
so which cities will do well in ?
the top city for attracting extra cash and visitors will be the host city to the olympic games .
"bottom will be all cities in africa , with many of south africa s cities facing waves of crime that may wash away that country s much needed new investment ."
"among capitals , it is london that scores best ."
"the attractions of the west end and the city to visitors , businesses and international investors will continue ."
since the s hardly any new development has taken place .
"asset values are likely to rise and , for occupiers seeking modern office space , the occupation costs of new leases will increase ."
"during the . m square feet canary wharf development will be fully let and , encouraged by the construction of the new jubilee line railway , development may commence on additional phases ."
posh london residential property will still be more in demand than its equivalent anywhere else in europe .
jakarta shows just how fast a city s fortunes can change .
the financial liberalization of the banking system in resulted in a surge of development .
the number of new office buildings has increased sevenfold in years .
"in cities such as hanoi , beijing and shanghai , the story is much the same ."
strong demand from multinational companies for too few modern office buildings will create abnormally high rents .
construction is to be seen everywhere
the world s largest city will spend licking its financial wounds .
"water and air , the two most ubiquitous natural resources on the planet , will be the focus for increasingly bitter political disputes , both between countries and within national boundaries in the coming decade ."
"smog and acid rain , water pollution and sewage disposal , dams and river flows will become ever more contentious issues ."
"according to the world bank , fresh water will become the natural resource most likely to cause wars in the st century ."
"the bank warns that the river basins of the jordan , tigris and euphrates in the middles east will become the most dangerous flashpoints ."
"forget oil and land , water is where the most intractable disputes will arise in the near future ."
"such is the worldwide growth in demand for water , which is doubling every years , that output from new water supplies will be unable to keep pace ."
"not only are the number of new sources of fresh water falling , due largely to of the world s sewage being dumped directly into rivers , but tapping them can cost between two and three times more than existing water supplies ."
"in chronic water shortages will affect about of the world s population in about countries , according to the world bank ."
a billion people in the world will not have access to clean drinking water .
dirty water already causes eight out of ten diseases in developing countries and will see more than m people dying as a result .
the continued increase in the global population will only exacerbate the situation .
"if this were not bad enough , most of the new arrivals will be in the exploding urban centers of the developing world , where the growth of the megacities is about to eclipse even the great urban sprawls of the industrialized nations ."
"the future inhabitants of sao paolo , bombay , lagos , jakarta and the like will live in squalid shanty towns with inadequate water and little sanitation ."
"what happens during the few years ahead will largely decide whether this peak in the global population will be . billion or . billion , nearly twice the number of people on the planet now ."
they will need clean air to breathe .
here there is some cause for optimism .
"the effects of the ban are expected to begin ameliorating ozone destruction some time before the end of the decade , and perhaps may see the first signs of this , although ozone loss was the worst on record ."
"equally effective could be legislation to limit the use of cars in the major industrial cities , where photochemical gases in summer and acidic smogs in winter have been getting consistently worse ."
"from los angeles to athens , city authorities have tried to enact measures to limit exhaust emissions ."
"one new focus of concern are the tiny particles , called pmios , which are emitted from vehicles ."
"these particles are small enough to be inhaled deeply into the lungs where , because they are coated with highly reactive chemicals , they cause damaging oxidation within the cells of the tissues ."
there is no doubt that new environmental concerns will arise over the next few years that scientists could not have anticipated .
"who could have predicted that the sperm counts of western men would have fallen significantly over the past or years , perhaps because of the presence in the environment of chemicals that mimic the environment of chemicals that mimic the effect of female hormones ?"
see that fellow moving into the corner office down the hall ?
doesn t have an mba .
people charge over the hill for him .
"he doesn t demand attention , he commands it ."
what s he got that you don t ?
you don t hear much about charisma in business school .
and you ve probably never read about it in a business magazine .
"to most people , it s the inscrutable x factor"
not many people have charisma .
"but when you talk to those who do , you discover that it isn t such a mystery after all ."
charisma is a tricky thing .
"jack kennedy oozed it , but so did hitler and charles manson ."
"con artists , charlatans , and megalomaniacs can make it their instrument as effectively as the best ceos , entertainers , and presidents ."
"used wisely , it s a blessing ."
"charismatic visionaries lead people ahead , and sometimes astray ."
but you know it when you see it .
and you don t see much of it in the fortune .
but those are commodities compared with charisma .
"when a ceo is perceived to have charisma , his business performs better ."
"even so , most leadership courses focus on follower ship and compliance and consensus management instead of leadership ."
the result is a sort of guerrilla war against charisma .
"charisma matters more or less , depending on the business ."
"there are professions where charisma bubbles and boils and leads to success , and others where it doesn t make much difference ."
"dentists , cpas , morticians , engineers , architects , and bankers , for the most part , don t need charisma ."
"a year old american girl has taken to the skies , hoping to become the youngest female pilot to cross the atlantic ocean ."
"from the northeastern u . s . city of augusta , maine ."
she will follow a flight path similar to the one amelia earhart took when she became the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic in .
new zealand has effectively introduced prohibition after a law designed to curb drunken mayhem was passed the bill originally intended to make it unlawful for anyone to consume or carry alcohol in designated liquor free areas and carried a fine of up to nz .
an error in the wording of the legislation means that drinking or the carrying of alcohol could be banned in any public area of the country .
over imports of chinese farm produce .
japan has agreed to stop import restrictions of three farm goods from china .
china is canceling its punitive tariffs on three japanese products .
japan s coast guard has found three bodies believed to be crew members of a mysterious boat after an exchange of fire with japanese patrol boats .
"the unidentified ship , which had ignored orders to stop within japan s nautical mile exclusive economic zone , by japanese coast guard ships ."
it has embarked on the creation of a new supercomputer that should reign as one of the fastest of its kind for weather forecasting for the next several years .
"the ton colossus called blue storm based on big blue s p unix server technology , according to peter ungaro , vice president of high performance computing at ibm ."
both india and pakistan are reported to have moved ballistic missiles and troops close to their shared border regions and evacuated villages as tensions between the two countries continue to rise .
"the times of india reports in the forward areas of the international border in the jammu and poonch regions north korea has broken its silence over japan s sinking of an unidentified ship , accusing japan of brutal piracy , without laying claim to the vessel ."
"this crime committed in other country s territorial waters is nothing but brutal piracy that could be committed only by samurais of japan in defiance of international laws , the official korea central news agency said ."
the discovery by a team at penn state university is the first positive evidence of planets existing outside our solar system .
the half hour line snakes around a corrugated metal building that looks like an airplane hangar at edwards air force base .
but the boxy structure is really a theater next to a busy interstate highway in texas .
"inside the building , the seats rock , convulse and swivel as a movie filmed from the cockpit of a jet fighter is projected onto a concave screen ."
a computer program synchronizes the seat gyrations .
"this simulated flight , based on the right stuff , a warner brothers movie , is the newest attraction at six flags over texas ."
not since the golden age of amusement parks in the s has there been this much interest in intentionally getting one s pants scared off .
about million thrill seeking souls will click through the turnstiles into north american theme parks this summer .
the capital costs of starting a new theme park begin at million .
"this summer , state of the art roller coasters will be introduced in theme parks , and theme park operators will invest nearly billion in new and existing facilities ."
the real excitement will come from attractions that try to translate into rides the thrills from movies and tv .
"disney , for example , has spent an estimated million over eight years on its indiana jones adventure ."
universal studios hollywood unveiled a live sea war show to coincide with the opening of the film waterworld .
"and at four sea world parks , guests can watch a stunt show with buzzing speedboats based on baywatch , the popular tv series ."
there are posters for warner movies like the bridges of madison county and batman forever plastered throughout the six flags over texas park in arlington .
"after purchasing theme parks in ohio , north carolina , virginia , california and canada for million in , paramount entertainment is using a strategy that is similar to that of six flags ."
"capitalizing on paramount movies like wayne s world , and days of thunder , the paramount parks have increased average attendance by about percent since ."
"mca , another entertainment giant , has been battling disney in california and florida ."
"mca s two universal studio parks , which have grown from basic movie set tours , drew . million visitors this year ."
"universal plans to keep coming at disney through expansion , and it will build the acre islands of adventure park in orlando over the next three years ."
the new facility will cost billion by the time it opens .
the increased competition has chipped away at disney s lucrative theme park franchise .
"but so far this year , it looks like disney s parks will bounce back strongly ."
"revenues in the second quarter increased . percent , to . million , over the same period a year earlier operating income jumped by . percent , to . million ."
disney s overseas prospects also are improving .
disneyland paris opened in and lost billion in its first two years .
"today , however , the park is near the break even point ."
"tokyo disneyland , meanwhile , is the most popular theme park in the world ."
the major challenges facing theme parks in the future will revolve around demographics .
"with the aging of the population , parks will be competing for an older crowd , which means that attractions may have to be geared toward year olds ."
"already , disney is running ads showing a retired couple visiting disney world in florida ."
"and viacom has opened a chain of adult playgrounds called block party , where adults play virtual reality games ."
"but in the end , the true test for theme parks will always be how well they sell individual fantasies to the young and old alike ."
the organization of the petroleum exporting countries is meeting to sanction a cut in production .
its u . s . unit will sell to sbc communications inc .
this would reduce the stake held in yahoo !
"from about percent to about percent , but softbank america would continue to be the largest shareholder in yahoo !"
and the deal would have no impact on softbank s relationship with yahoo ! .
at least people were killed setting off a blaze that swept through four blocks of apartments and stores .
people jumped from windows in century old buildings many of the buildings had poor emergency exits and fire security .
more than million europeans have adopted the euro as their common currency in the most ambitious currency swap in history .
fifty billion coins and . billion banknotes from finland in the north to greece in the south .
"in some asian countries , with raucous celebrations leading to a heavy death toll nearly people were injured throughout the philippines due to stray bullets and firecracker accidents during the new year festivities , nearly people have died on roads since the start of the new year holidays ."
as south korea promised to push for another summit that have long hindered reconciliation talks .
"in his new year s message , south korean president kim said seoul would continue with its policy of seeking reunification with the north ."
"north korea revived old accusations that south korea has consistently resisted , and hampered efforts to improve inter korean ties ."
the world health organization called on governments to ban cigarette ads and to launch anti smoking campaigns .
aren t most companies these days ?
"when conditions are uncertain , charismatic bosses spur subordinates to work above and beyond the call of duty ."
consider that combustible internet software company netscape communications .
executive at federal express and then at mccaw cellular .
at both places he was considered a genius at motivating people .
his college degree is from the university of mississippi .
"barks dale s most valuable asset is his self effacing , jimmy stewart style affability ."
"frank and funny , he instantly charmed the two money bags behind netscape"
a huge portion of what netscape is worth is jim barksdale telling investors it s going to work .
he has this great ability to convey confidence and give comfort .
"to me , charisma is almost the definition of leadership ."
and he s willing to pay plenty for it
he and doerr gave barksdale an almost unheard of stake in netscape .
charismatic people have a remarkable ability to distill complex ideas into simple messages .
what s their secret ?
"they communicate by using symbols , analogies , metaphors , and stories ."
remember jack welch redirecting ge
"going on the road to tirelessly preach his no , or no . strategy requiring managers to fix , close , or sell any business that wasn t first or second in worldwide market share ."
barksdale uses the same technique .
"when barksdale arrived in silicon valley , netscape was a chaotic corps of employees , some younger than his won kids ."
engineers were panicked about product delivery deadlines .
managers were bewildered about strategy .
jim clark so feared netscape would run out of money that he had imposed a hiring freeze .
"barksdale , who calls himself the president of doing stuff lifted netscape s hiring freeze , ramped up r d , opened foreign offices , broadened the target market , and cut prices ."
his message to employees
"if it fails to reach escape velocity , it will crash back to earth ."
we ve got to go full speed .
we ve got low barriers to entry and incredible competitors .
"if we can t establish presence and a brand name , we ll die ."
"inside netscape , barksdale promotes the strategy in two words"
"president george w . bush allowed u . s . technology firms to sell high speed computers to russia , china , india and countries in the middle east , designed to halt the spread of nuclear arms ."
"capable of complex three dimensional modeling , calculating fluid dynamics , and other advanced applications to pakistan , vietnam and other so called tier countries without specific permission from the government ."
south korea has tried to protect the won against speculation and major fluctuations in value by limiting overseas dealing in the currency to government approved money traders .
tokyo and seoul are now discussing plans to allow tourists to temporarily exchange yen and won at commercial banks and airport money booths inside japan .
"the pentium running at . gigahertz . billion cycles per second , is the world s fastest in terms of clock speed ."
beijing has warned the united states as it reacted to criticism over the detention of a hong kong resident accused of smuggling bibles into china .
"it s being dealt with and no other country should interfere in china s independent judicial system , opium growing in southeast asia s infamous golden triangle area has increased sharply as the price of the drug has doubled because of falling production in afghanistan ."
"that opium poppy plantations are spreading throughout the golden triangle , the area where the borders of thailand , laos and myanmar meet ."
"the area is traditionally one of the world s major sources of opium and its derivative , heroin ."
the u . s . government has accused one of the nation s top tobacco companies of secretly developing a high nicotine tobacco and using it in cigarettes .
the head of the u . s .
food and drug administration says the brown and williamson tobacco company distributed high nicotine tobacco in five cigarette brands the tobacco product is known in the industry as y .
company spokesman tom fitzgerald disputes the government s claim .
they feel empty without it .
"whether they succeed or not , a remarkable thing often happens"
their audacity enhances their charisma .
charismatic people speak emotionally about putting themselves on the line .
they work on hearts as well as on minds .
"arthur martinez , the former vice chairman of saks fifth avenue , knew he had big problems when he joined sears last year to rescue its sinking retail unit ."
martinez met with almost all applicants who visited headquarters for jobs at the level of vice president or higher .
i started by explaining why i took the job .
this is one of the greatest adventures in business history .
there s no model for what we re going to do .
"you have to be courageous , filled with self confidence ."
how can you not do it ?
martinez has assembled one of the best teams in retailing .
sears is gaining market share and is solidly profitable again .
charismatics are rebels who fight convention .
"they may seem idiosyncratic , but their oddball image augments their charisma ."
"meeting gadiesh , you first notice her skirt"
it starts about eight inches above her knee .
"viewed from the side and back , it s magenta ."
"she is complex , intense , driven , painfully direct , sometimes ribald , and a lot of fun ."
bain was rebounding from dire financial problems when the partners elected her chairman .
"largely because of her inspiring leadership , bain has expanded to , employees , from ."
revenues are increasing a year .
success comes from pulling emotional levers .
"like barksdale and martinez , gadiesh abhors bureaucratic doublespeak , and the unthinking conservatism it usually reflects ."
she flashes her wit to kill it .
"a few years ago she was trying to help chrysler executives reduce options on cars , thereby lowering costs ."
the auto execs were leaning on market research to avoid tough decisions .
"we can t cut that option because our average customer wants it , they said again and again ."
"exasperated , gadiesh shot back , well , the average customer has one tit and one ball ."
the boys from detroit got it .
"chip giants micron technology and hynix semiconductor will likely sign an alliance soon , according to an executive helping hynix restructure ."
"an agreement is likely to be reached in a few days , as the price micron proposed is not that different from what hynix expected , the unidentified executive said ."
"micron has reportedly offered to take over hynix s memory operations , including dram , sram and flash memory chips ."
s president reportedly called a top treasury department official as the company was negotiating with bankers it needed to avoid bankruptcy .
the disclosure is the latest evidence of contacts between top administration officials and the beleaguered energy giant as it struggled to avoid filing for bankruptcy a massive billion year environmental protection plan to combat a worsening pollution problem .
"china hopes to reduce the total amount of pollutants in the air , water and soil by percent of levels ."
a team of inspectors from the international atomic energy agency iaea for its first official visit of a nuclear laboratory north korea agreed to allow the agency to visit the site in a non inspection role a sign that pyongyang was keen to resume normal relations with the iaea .
secretary of state colin powell is now en route to new delhi in defusing the latest tensions the united states was ready to assist if there was a dialogue .
a chinese court has sentenced an australian businessman to at least years in prison and ordered his expulsion from china on corruption charges .
peng is to be deported .
peng s health and the fact that he has a young family .
charismatic people are able to see things from another person s perspective .
"gadiesh , who spends of her time working with clients , says , i constantly try to think , if i were the client , how would i feel about this ?"
if you re going to find common ground .
studies show that women tend to be better than men at stepping into another s shoes .
but barksdale proved himself to be fairly nimble recently when hackers cracked a security code in netscape s software .
barksdale quickly assembled his key people .
he let everyone toss out ideas about how to fix the problem and assure customers that the company s software is safe for navigating the net .
then he made an odd suggestion
give cash rewards to anyone who finds security flaws .
"thus far , two significant new bugs have been detected , and , in cash bounties have been paid ."
"simply by offering to pony up for its mistakes , netscape won admirers ."
"if you admit you made a mistake , the customer will always cut you slack ."
"so how do you manage charisma , this wonderful , terrible thing ?"
gadiesh suggests using an internal compass .
"when he returned , byford talked with gadiesh about the importance of true north ."
"an ordinary compass , points to magnetic north , which is fickle and unreliable ."
"a gyrocompass , on the other hand , works on its own internal mechanical system and always points to true north ."
she adopted true north as her personal guideline .
the most important thing a leader can have is true north .
it s a set of principles that directs him or her to what s virtuous and right .
it all depends on whether it s anchored by true north .
learning charisma from people who are loaded with it is a bit like studying acting with de niro or playing basketball with jordan .
"regardless of how hard you try , you may never win an oscar or make it to the pros ."
but you ll certainly improve your technique
"indian scientists have made an archaeological find suggesting the world s oldest cities came up about , years earlier than is currently believed ."
"the scientists found pieces of wood , remains of pots , fossil bones and what appeared like construction material just off the coast of surat in western india ."
"lava edged with black crust inched through the eastern congolese city of goma , nearly two days after mount nyiragongo erupted , killing more than people and forcing half a million people to flee ."
"for the situation in goma , saying half of the city has been burned and destroyed ."
aid groups set up freshwater tanks to provide clean drinking water .
the dam will be a wall of concrete meters tall and more than two kilometers long .
its reservoir will be filled by stages until it reaches kilometers in length britain has rejected accusations that it is letting its u . s . allies abuse al qaeda suspects insisting the prisoners had no complaints about their treatment .
british officials who visited the u . s . prison camp in guantanamo bay said the detainees spoke without inhibition to them and confirmed they were being treated well .
in its first official comment on the jiang s jet bugging why the reported bugging of president jiang zemin s boeing jet should have any impact on relations between washington and beijing .
with preparations under way for next month s summit meeting both countries are eager to prevent the issue scuppering the recent improvement in sino u . s . ties .
tremors almost every hour are continuing to shake northern congo as the first food aid arrived in the region following last week s volcanic eruption .
"the arrival of food for up to , people has also coincided with a cholera outbreak among some of the tens of thousands of refugees fleeing the area ."
"ten years ago japan was revving its government industry engine to roar ahead in biotechnology , and u . s . technocrats were scared ."
today the dynamo seems like the little engine that couldn t .
the five top selling bioengineered drugs in japan are licensed from u . s . companies .
"japan once led the world in microbe based products , and it entered the biotech arena running flat out ."
"by the mid s more than japanese companies had major programs , according to a report by university of washington s steven collins ."
"no fewer than seven of them raced genentech to commercialize t pa , a blood clot dissolver for heart attacks ."
cut more than deals with u . s . companies for access to their biotechnology .
but japan s storied skill at tweaking existing inventions to optimize performance and cut costs proved irrelevant .
"further , japan s corporate codgers had trouble keeping up with biotech s dizzying pace"
"unlike u . s . rivals , they seldom attracted stellar academic talent ."
"says tadashi matsumoto , who oversees biotech r d at kyowa hakko , a japanese chemicals company"
"the quality of japanese scientists is very good , but it s hard for them to move and change ."
they are much more staked to their positions than u . s . scientists .
"japanese companies tend not to have sales forces outside japan , so they license rights to drugs only for the japanese market ."
western companies can pay more for rights to biotech drugs .
bet an estimated million on t pa development but lost out to genentech .
"chugai took a major hit when its american partner , genetics institute , lost a patent fight with amgen for u . s . rights to epo , a lucrative anti anemia drug ."
"but that opened a window of opportunity for u . s . and european drug companies , which stepped in and secured rights to scores of promising drugs at fire sale prices ."
"still , many japanese companies continue to invest in biotech , albeit more cautiously than ten years ago ."
now we re much more interested in core technologies and partnerships that give us equal relations with u . s . companies .
"those plans are being reviewed at the middle east and north africa economic summit in amman , jordan , by government and business leaders from about countries ."
"u . s . commerce secretary ron brown , who is leading a delegation of american businessmen , says the region is now ready for foreign investment ."
the summit will end later today .
to endorse the creation of a new middle east development bank .
"as the year end employment season is approaching , college graduates to be or graduates are busy seeking jobs , but their rate of employment at large enterprises remains at a low level ."
"on the other hand , small and medium sized companies , especially those engaging in so called d difficult , dangerous , and dirty businesses , are having serious difficulties in hiring workers ."
"in a nutshell , a strange phenomenon of concurrent labor and job shortages exists in the local market ."
"according to a recent survey of an employment related information research company , the average competition ratio among college graduates to get a job in large enterprises was . , almost similar to last year s ."
". until the first half of the year , many market experts anticipated that the employment scale by large enterprises would increase significantly , riding on a strong upturn of the domestic economy ."
"however , as the future economies of the world s major countries have become opaque due to deepening fears of the possible double dip recession of the u . s . economy and an anticipated war between the u . s . and iraq , most domestic enterprises have been making downward adjustments of their employment plans these days ."
"if this trend is left unchecked , the domestic job market in is feared to face its worst situation since the foreign exchange crisis gripped the country in late ."
"on the contrary , some small and medium sized companies are facing the suspension of their plant operations due to a failure to secure enough workers ."
"based on a survey of , companies with five to employees , which was conducted by the korea institute for industrial economics trade , the shortage of manpower came to , persons ."
"in particular , the lack of professionals and technicians with undergraduate or higher level educations stood at , and , , respectively ."
"as a means of solving this problem , smaller companies have been largely dependent on foreign workers ."
"it is not easy , however , to employ competitive ones ."
"to settle the unbalanced employment market problem , it is desirable for large enterprises to expand their recruitment from the standpoint of investing in future manpower and contributing to social responsibility ."
"college graduates seeking jobs , meanwhile , are required to reconsider their basic conception of employment so smaller companies can support the national economy by becoming better places for workers to demonstrate their abilities ."
big engines and pretty women .
but no country cares more passionately about them .
"there are in the united states each year , and people flock to them like religious zealots ."
most americans drive practical cars like chevrolets but covet the power and luxury of a cadillac or lexus .
"at last week s new york international automobile show , families posed for pictures in front of the , bmw"
"sequined women stood in front of glittering new models , speaking ardently of sporty split dual exhausts , electric , way adjustable seats and classics for tomorrow ."
the only things missing from the extravaganza were a pack of marlboros and a highway .
"the hoopla could not camouflage a basic fact about the american car market , however"
roughly million vehicles sold annually
many are worried about their jobs and wary of auto prices that have risen by percent a year since .
"the average new car price is now almost , ."
"pricy , high margin sport utility vehicles suvs continue to roar out of showrooms ."
"namely , ford explorers , jeep grand cherokees and range rovers ."
sales of these gas guzzling light trucks more than doubled between and .
"nearly half the vehicles sold in america are trucks . honda , mercury and toyota s lexus division have jumped into the suv market ."
mercedes will unveil its four wheel drive all activity vehicle next year .
there was plenty of new technology on display at the show .
"isuzu s deseo , a futuristic suv concept vehicle , has a lightweight , aluminum frame and stylishly short front and rear ends ."
"to save cargo space , the spare tire is stored within a patented rear door ."
"to eliminate the blind spot , the rearview mirror has been replaced with a camera built into the back door ."
computer chips now govern the overall performance of automobiles .
"black boxes , if you will"
detect deterioration in the power train and store the data in a control module for technicians .
mercedes has developed an electronic stability system that can sense when a car is veering out of control and momentarily brake a single rear wheel to restore stability .
"few cars can match the fripperies in the , mercedes ."
"the moon gray coupe has headlamp washers , power rear head rests , heated outside mirrors and an electro pneumatic system that closes the door should the driver leave it ajar ."
it doesn s have any leg room in the back .
"hurricane luis , the most powerful storm of the season in the atlantic , is roaring through the caribbean this morning toward the virgin islands and puerto rico , with sustained winds of kilometers an hour ."
luis was more than kilometers west of antigua .
berlin ap michael jackson rewarded fans outside his berlin hotel with a brief appearance and a glimpse of his youngest child dangling the toddler over a fourth floor balcony .
"the boy , his legs kicking , had what appeared to be a white cloth over his head as jackson , briefly holding the child with one arm , displayed him tuesday to dozens of fans waiting below the window of the luxurious adlon hotel ."
"the child , in a baby blue jumper , was the reclusive singer s third and youngest , prince michael ii , said antje sigesmund , a spokeswoman for the bambi entertainment award ceremony , which jackson is attending in berlin ."
"about fans gathered outside the hotel , just opposite berlin s landmark brandenburg gate , and security had to remove some from the lobby ."
"several carried banners , including one that said save the kids , with drawings of children s faces ."
"jackson , wearing a bright red shirt , smiled and waved to the fans , at one point tossing a small white towel to the crowd below ."
"the singer then went inside and retrieved the toddler , using one arm to hold the boy out over the iron rail of the hotel ."
"fans cheered as the pop star appeared with the child , but jackson quickly retreated into his hotel room without making any statement ."
little is known about prince michael ii .
people magazine reported in august that he was six months old .
"the magazine , citing an anonymous friend , said the boy was not adopted and did not identify the mother ."
"in berlin , jackson was taking a break from a california courtroom where he testified last week in a million lawsuit claiming he backed out of concerts ."
he arrived in berlin to pick up a bambi thursday .
he is to attend a benefit for homeless children and a charity auction where he will put a jacket and hat on the block wednesday .
"there may be no kind way to lay off employees , but there ought to be a better way to talk about it ."
"as the leaders of america s corporations closed the books on , they could look back on a gratifying year ."
"their stocks boomed , with market indexes setting record after record ."
"senate groused , coupled those record profits with record layoffs ."
and the gop s presumptive was only half right .
"profits in , adjusted for inflation , look likely to set records ."
"from just over , to just over three million but all seem to agree that the figure is the lowest in several years , which is not surprising after four straight years of economic growth ."
"workplace america , a newsletter published by hunt scanlon publications in connecticut , tallied the year s biggest job reduction announcements and came up with a sum of about , , the lowest since the newsletter began keeping its list in ."
some of these people took buyouts or left via attrition
some worked for a business unit spun off from the mother ship but may have kept their jobs
some may not actually lose their jobs for months .
"be that as it may , a lot of companies had a hell of a year , and a lot of their employees a hellish one ."
what were their leaders thinking ?
quoted below are the chairman s letters of the annual reports of companies that made workplace america s list of the biggest job reduction announcements .
"kent kresa of northrup grumman described the , cuts in his talented work force as being our toughest decisions"
"daniel miglio of southern new england telecommunications , cuts lamented painful but necessary job loss ."
"apologized for the considerable human cost of , layoffs , adding , curiously , the footwear business is highly managements intensive , especially , when people get the boot ."
others talked about cuts as if they were desirable .
"robert erburu of times mirror , cuts called staff reductions one of several operating improvements"
times mirror has improved its newspaper staff more than since .
"another , people were axed in ."
"to position our employees to serve customers more effectively , as ceo john clendinin said , bellsouth announced that , would take positions off his payroll ."
citizens in ireland go to the polls today to vote on a referendum that could legalize divorce in the predominantly roman catholic country .
"but if opinion polls are any indication , the vote is going to be very close ."
"lagos , nigeria ap angry mobs stabbed and set fire to bystanders thursday in rioting that erupted after a newspaper suggested islam s founding prophet would have approved of the miss world beauty pageant ."
"at least people were killed and injured , nigeria s red cross president said ."
the violent demonstrators in the northern city of kaduna burned churches and rampaged through the streets until hundreds of soldiers were deployed to restore calm and enforce a dusk to dawn curfew .
a lot of people died .
"we don t know yet exactly how many . . . more than , said emmanuel ijewere , the president of the nigerian red cross ."
"street demonstrations began wednesday with the burning of an office of thisday newspaper in kaduna after it published an article questioning muslim groups that have condemned the miss world pageant , to be held dec . in the nigerian capital , abuja ."
muslim groups say the pageant promotes sexual promiscuity and indecency .
"in all honesty , he would probably have chosen a wife from among them the contestants , isioma daniel wrote in saturday s article ."
"the newspaper ran a brief front page apology on monday , followed by a more lengthy retraction on thursday , saying the offending passage had run by mistake ."
"in thursday s rioting , more than people were stabbed , bludgeoned or burned to death and were seriously injured , ijewere told the associated press ."
"at least four churches were destroyed , he said ."
many of the bodies were taken by red cross workers and other volunteers to local mortuaries .
"many people remained inside homes that were set afire by the demonstrators , ijewere said ."
"shehu sani of the kaduna based civil rights congress said he watched a crowd stab one young man , then force a tire filled with gasoline around his neck and burn him alive ."
"schools and shops hurriedly closed as hordes of young men , shouting allahu akhbar , or god is great , ignited makeshift street barricades made of tires and garbage , sending plumes of black smoke rising above the city ."
digital videodiscs for tvs and pcs are coming .
you reach for a compact disc and flip it into a black box .
the cd contains two full length movies
"snow white on one side , the lion king on the other ."
the kids choose snow white .
"phssst , in a half second you ve skipped over the previews and landed square on the best part of the animation classic , when the seven dwarfs start singing heigh ho , heigh ho , it s off to work we go . . ."
the children cackle and shuffle off to bed .
"you smile , and slide the disc back in its case ."
"the videocassette recorder may never achieve the historical status of the steam engine , printing press or pc , but there s no denying that it s one of the great inventions of the th century ."
"it gives viewers the freedom to watch any show or movie they want , when they want to ."
the vcr has helped shape the slouchy postmodern man
"since the vcr s introduction in , more than million have been sold worldwide ."
but the beloved device might soon be headed for the technological dustbin .
a new home entertainment machine threatens to take its place .
"called a digital videodisc player , or dvd , the latest black box functions like a combination audio cd player and vcr"
it plays standard size cds containing high resolution movies and digital sound .
analysts say the new video format has a bright future as a replacement for vcrs and videotapes and as the successor to cd rom drives that have been spurring sales of home pcs .
major consumer electronics companies unveiled dvd players in japan and north america in .
"paul kagan associates , a research firm , estimated that million dvd movie players had been sold in north america by the end of"
"in asia , throngs of middle class consumers are already snatching up a crude progenitor of the dvd player ."
"these are very popular right now , says a salesman at the pacific palace mall in hong kong ."
"as a medium for playing movies , discs are smaller and easier to handle than tapes , and offer nearly instant access to material ."
"as with audio cds , users can fly over video segments they don t like ."
first generation digital discs store minutes of video on one side .
"over the next few years , their capacity will double and then quadruple ."
"with even more space , content providers could store multiple versions of the same film on a disc ."
"click a button on the remote and choose either the tame or lurid version of a sexy thriller , depending on who s watching ."
hollywood studios could reap big profits from the new format .
the replication cost for a videodisc will be less than a dollar .
"if consumers start buying dvd boxes , software sales could zoom ."
"if this group of demonstrators is correct , the u . s . government is covering up the most important secret of all time"
can any of this be true ?
"kandahar , afghanistan ap adjusting her black veil to get a better look at the computer screen , year old fatima points to something she just typed ."
"she asks , a smile brightening her freckled face ."
"yes , answers hashem , a year old computer enthusiast who recently returned to this southwestern city after living in pakistan as a refugee ."
"like many afghans , they use only one name ."
"hashem is helping fellow returnee ehsanullah omer run kandahar s first and only free computer and english language training center , a project being funded by kandahar s governor to give men and women the ability to acquire the skills afghanistan will need if it wants to fully join the world community ."
"with a small staff working in a former taliban garrison , omer , , wants to open digital doors that will not only train kandahar s people for the challenges ahead , but also help them learn more about the u . s . led coalition troops that allowed them to do it ."
"afghans have been denied the outside world and we want to open those doors , omer said . if they don t know how to use a computer , they can t do that ."
international peacekeeping forces will be here for years .
to develop a positive attitude about these people we have to teach them who they are and where they are from .
"there are about , u . s . troops stationed just outside this city of more than , people ."
"the capital , kabul , is patrolled by a , strong multinational peacekeeping force ."
"the center is teaching , men and about women to read and write in english and training them how to use a computer ."
students range in age from to and lessons are in the evenings .
"they are a little weak in english , but we are improving it ."
"they start out learning about the operating system and then programs and applications , hashem said as he looked over a huddled group of women crowded around a dozen computers ."
courses last four months and the entire training program runs two years .
"kandahar residents can enroll for free , but the school is currently running on a first come , first serve basis and funding and space are already straining their limits ."
"last year u . s . consumers bought million tapes , valued at nearly billion ."
"recently sold million copies of snow white alone , at a price of between and per tape ."
"dvd is , ultimately , a whole new market for our classic titles , says a disney spokesman ."
"warner home video , a unit of time warner , is especially keen on the technology"
it has the world s largest collection of feature films .
"this is a very important media for us , says warren lieberfarb president of the company ."
"despite their interest , the studios will proceed cautiously ."
"the content providers are loath to cannibalize the lucrative tape rental and sales markets , or spend heaps of money on dvd titles , until the new technology proves itself ."
"they don t want to stick out their necks , by spending heavily on player production , until they re assured that the most popular movies are available on discs ."
"last week philips , the dutch electronics giant , criticized hollywood studios for sending out conflicting signals about their distribution plans ."
dvd players sell for at least .
the price of both the hardware and software will fall if and when sales grow .
digital discs have two major handicaps .
dvd units will play only movies at first
"they won t be able to record tv shows or anything else until writable that is , recordable discs hit the market ."
that deficiency could save the vcr for a while .
"experts think recordable discs will find a wide audience , perhaps first with pc owners , who ll use them to store data from the world wide web ."
"the second potential problem is the gradual emergence of pay tv , or video on demand ."
"in the near future , consumers may be able to order any movie over a cable , satellite or phone network ."
why buy a dvd player and discs when you can dial up a blockbuster film at any time ?
lieberfarb believes that the dvd has a window of opportunity to implant itself on the public psyche before networks rule the world .
"the discs store seven times more data than existing cds , and new disc drives will read that information faster ."
pc moving pictures will be sharper than ever .
"compaq , apple and other pc makers will build dvd rom drives into some of their computers ."
"we re definitely looking at dvd as an alternative to the cd roms that are being shipped today , says a product manager for apple ."
the new format will bring pcs in line with where the broadcast industry is going .
"hiroyuki furukawa , a vice president of toshiba america , claims that dvd encyclopedias could feature full screen , full motion videos instead of small , grainy snapshots ."
the capacity of future dvds will be enormous times greater than that of today s cds .
"whether or not the dvd succeeds , digital video will play a major role in the evolution of both the tv and the pc ."
"the video compression chips that make dvds possible are the key component in the direct broadcast satellite business , which is growing rapidly in asia , europe and the united states by offering hundreds of channels to consumers who don t have cable tv ."
and microsoft are working on ways for pcs to receive video programs directly from satellites .
"digital video signals the beginning of the merger between pcs and home entertainment , says rick lehtinen , senior analyst for the in stat multimedia group ."
it s a trend well worth watching .
he could get eight years in jail .
"he er personal robot won t make coffee , pick up the newspaper , vacuum the floors or even walk the dog ."
"but beyond the not so cheap shots , the robot has a lot to offer ."
"like the personal computer kits of the s , much can be learned and perhaps someday much money can be made on the road to usefulness ."
and don t forget the prestige from being the first on the block with a robot smarter than sony s aibo .
"the er , sold by evolution robotics inc . , resembles neither a dog nor the robotic stars of science fiction movies ."
"the foot tall , pound machine is a three wheeled platform that holds a laptop , its brains , and has a staff that carries a web camera , its eye ."
some might confuse it with an industrial table .
all parts are included except the most expensive a laptop running the windows operating system .
"plan on spending at least another , if you don t already have one ."
"for the mechanically challenged , evolution sells an assembled robot for still minus the computer ."
but anyone who opts to plunk an extra for the assembled version is missing half the fun .
the er is more of a hobby than a toy .
"it s not recommended for children under , unless they re supervised ."
schools might be interested in using the robot to introduce the basics of robotics and programming .
"it took about two hours to assemble my er , which came in dozens of pieces tightly packed in a box along with screws ."
"once installed on the laptop , the software shows a live shot of what the robot s camera sees , various behavioral options and the robot s battery levels ."
"the instruction manual is especially well done , rare for a high tech product , and clearly outlined all steps to finish the job ."
"after a few hours of charging the battery , we were ready for our first test a routine in which the er recognizes its box and moves toward it ."
that a new face doesn t guarantee a new job .
"retailers expectations may have been low for the start of the holiday shopping season , but the competition was fierce ."
"in omaha , neb . , a year old woman was knocked to the ground when hundreds of people rushed the doors at the early morning opening of the nebraska furniture mart ."
diana mckeever received several stitches to her knee and was released from the hospital .
"in greendale , wis . , doreen schellhase , , her two daughters and her son s girlfriend donned santa hats and prepared to storm the target store before its a . m . opening , equipped with two way radios to best the competition ."
"and marvin takar , who went shopping the day after thanksgiving for the first time ever , had no idea what he was in for ."
"it s unbelievable , said the year old printer , staring in amazement at the swarms of shoppers at ala moana shopping center in honolulu ."
early bird specials and marketing gimmicks drew bargain hunters to stores across the country friday in what retailers hoped would be a momentum building kickoff to the holiday shopping season .
"major retailers including sears , toys r us and wal mart , as well as several mall operators , said shopper traffic was at least as healthy as the day after thanksgiving a year ago ."
"because the law of averages is still on the books , five elderly americans are expected to die this week of creutzfeldt jakob disease cjd , an incurable and invariably fatal illness ."
"also this week , odds are , one elderly briton will die of cjd , whose cause is largely unknown ."
cjd routinely claims one person per million population every year .
but no instances of the disease will be routine for a long time
any of them could be a clue that people are now threatened by mad cow disease .
there have now been suspicious cjd deaths in the last two years .
"in the united states , activists filed a suit demanding that the food and drug administration ban a practice suspected of causing mad cow disease in britain"
feeding cattle the rendered parts of cows and sheep .
"eventually this practice is going to get us in trouble , warned virologist richard marsh of the university of wisconsin ."
"suspecting that one or more of the pituitaries had come from a cjd victim , the fda banned the use of cadavers as sources of growth hormone ."
"so far , u . s . dwarfism patients and an additional overseas have contracted cjd from infected cadavers ."
scientists could better gauge the risk of contracting mad cow and creutzfeldt jakob if they knew what caused them .
but no virus or bacterium has ever been associated with the diseases .
"according to a theory advanced by neurologist stanley prusiner of the university of california , san francisco , in , prions are misshapen molecules that wrap themselves around normal proteins in brain cells diagram ."
this deadly embrace transforms the healthy proteins into more misshapen prions .
"the misshapen prions , in a lethal chain reaction , alter still more healthy proteins ."
the change in shape makes the proteins invulnerable to enzymes that would normally break them down .
"the proteins accumulate , eventually forming the clumps and holes characteristic of creutzfeldt jakob ."
and prions from one species can sometimes infect the brains of another .
"although the british press is carrying predictions that , beefeaters a year could die of cjd associated with mad cow disease , in fact it is very hard to contract any of the brain rotting ailments ."
"for one thing , there are hints that you need to be genetically susceptible ."
thousands of patients who received infected growth hormone did not get cjd
those who did had a particular kind of brain protein gene .
"also , ucsf s fred cohen points out , a prion can alter healthy brain proteins only if it resembles them"
the fit between the human brain protein and the bovine prion is not very good .
the question is whether it was good enough to kill people in britain .
where powdered rhino horn is a treasured chinese medicine .
a british environmental group is prescribing strong medicine of its own
"ciudad victoria , mexico ap prison officials in northern mexico say their inmates are manufacturing furniture bound for texas despite u . s . laws that ban the importation of goods made with prison labor ."
and they d like to contract with more american companies to produce all kinds of goods .
one official said prison shops would even label their products to hide their origin .
prison officials in mexico s northern states are pointing to inmate workshops as a way to stem the loss of business as foreign owned assembly plants abandon the border zone in search of cheaper labor in asia .
convicts already do work for mexican companies .
"but prison labor is strongly criticized around the globe on the grounds it undercuts unions , steals jobs from law abiding workers and poses risks of human rights abuses ."
"many countries , like the united states , bar imports of products made by prisoners ."
"the prison director for tamaulipas state , manuel del riego , said clint hough of austin , texas , is the first foreign businessman to accept the state s offer of its inmates services ."
del riego said hough has been buying furniture made by prisoners for more than a year . inmates at the ciudad victoria prison said hough ordered chairs for a texas restaurant chain as well as dining room furniture .
"hough , interviewed at the prison , would not confirm that he takes the furniture across the border ."
"wiping sweat from his brow with a towel , hough later denied ordering furniture from the prison at all , and said he merely teaches prisoners design and finishing techniques ."
"del riego said foreign companies , including many in the united states , had expressed interest in setting up production lines at the prisons in tamaulipas ."
"companies will save tons of money , he said ."
"on average , mexican inmates earn the minimum wage of pesos a day . , half what free workers along the border make ."
"companies hiring prison labor also save on health insurance , retirement and other benefits ."
"a couple of hours north of las vegas , these desolate miles of blacktop average cars a day and so many ufo sightings that in february nevada s department of transportation renamed the extraterrestrial highway ."
the nevada tourism people hope this downsized corner of the state can cash in on the current mania for ufos and all things paranormal .
they ve already got twentieth century fox picking up most of the tab .
"in exchange , fox used the event to promote its big action movie , independence day , in which hostile aliens do the galaxy a favor by blowing up new york city ."
some of the movie takes place around the e . t .
"it also makes reference to area , part of nellis air force base , where the stealth bomber and aurora spy plane were developed ."
but ufo logists say that s just the cover story
the government is actually housing an alien craft and crew here .
"back on planet earth , half a dozen civilians who worked at area have sued the defense department , claiming hazardous waste on the site exposed them to harmful chemicals ."
"one case was dismissed , another is pending ."
the official military line is that current activities in area are classified and cannot be discussed .
ground zero for astral travelers is the dusty hamlet of rachel .
"to hard core believers , as the folks with saucers in their eyes call themselves , this is their lourdes"
holy ground with trinkets for sale .
"at rachel s little a le inn , owner pat travis enthuses about the mystery guests who frequent her intergalactic way station ."
"the more people who come here , the better it ll be for our community ."
and the governer agrees
"if e . t . comes back , we d like it to be here in nevada ."
"most people , when they look to the skies , see friend or foe ."
"marcus pizzuti , a commercial artist who recently moved to rachel believes area contains spacecraft with antimatter annihilation reactors powered by alien substances that are way off the periodic table ."
some might say the same about pizzuti .
"a conspiracy theorist who also goes by the name psychospy , campbell sent the governor a page letter of protest against turning the area into a tourist trap ."
he worries that interlopers will run afoul of the camouflaged security guards who guard area .
"when narcotics officers raided bobby harris house they found marijuana plants the search warrant was based on information a pg e meter showed higher than normal electric use , which could indicate the use of growing lamps ."
"but harris , who lost his house as a result , says the real issues are california s constitutional guarantee of privacy and the state s forfeiture law ."
"many smokers , especially young trendsetters , have switched to french made gauloises , which they say are similar in taste and a dollar a pack cheaper ."
"american cigarettes , particularly marlboros , have been the main target of a boycott of u . s . made products organized several months ago by palestinian activists ."
the campaign has resonance among many palestinians upset by what they see as washington s one sided support of israel .
two other famous american exports levi s and coca cola have largely escaped the sanctions .
"at more than a pair , levi s were out of reach for most palestinians anyway ."
"coca cola is bottled in ramallah the palestinian administrative headquarters in the west bank , meaning a boycott could endanger jobs ."
"the united states is backing israel to continue the occupation of our land , said year old construction worker fadi suleiman ."
the former marlboro man and most of his buddies now smoke gauloises .
maybe the boycott will be a message to the americans to open their eyes and stop being pro israeli .
"marlboro had always been the most popular cigarette in the west bank and gaza strip , favored especially by palestinian men in their s and s as a status symbol"
most palestinian women don t smoke .
"wherever men gathered at work , for card games in all male coffee shops or even at stone throwing protests against israeli occupation most smoked , and the brand of choice was marlboro ."
the only exception was in prison in israeli a waystation for tens of thousands of palestinians where only israeli brands are available .
"anti american sentiment has peaked in the past , during the first uprising from and during the gulf war , but never before has an anti american boycott succeeded ."
the sales of marlboros appeared to begin declining in the west bank about a year ago with the introduction of gauloises .
"hassan al zain , , who has been selling cigarettes in ramallah s central manara square since , said that only a year ago , he used to sell packs of marlboros a day ."
now he is selling packs of gauloises and two packs of marlboros .
other vendors confirmed the trend .
ulcer pills for warts ?
"pharmaceutical manufacturers cannot promote such off label uses to physicians or to the public , since the drugs were not screened for those purposes ."
"and because doctors still rely heavily on drug makers for information , many are unaware that many drugs do double duty ."
"researchers are free to publish papers on off label uses , of course , but their findings rarely reach the lay media ."
it is perfectly legal for doctors who discover or hear about a drug s off label use to prescribe it
the american medical association says that off label prescriptions account for up to half of all those written .
whether yours might be one of them is well worth knowing .
"if so , your doctor and pharmacist should be able to justify the choice ."
the catch is that not all off label uses have been thoroughly studied .
"some have become accepted , among them antibiotics for certain ulcers and etidronate a drug that regulates bone metabolism"
others are based on one doctor s experience with one or two patients .
"and because off label uses bypass the lengthy clinical trials and the fda s scrutiny for safety and efficacy that approved drugs must endure , their risks and side effects are open questions ."
"a study of pregnant women , for instance , suggested that a nitroglycerin patch normally used to prevent angina , delayed premature delivery when applied to the abdomen during preterm labor ."
"in , orlow began prescribing the drug for children as a pain free alternative to surgery ."
orlow suspects that cimetidine helps rally the body s immune system against the viruses that cause warts .
"researchers at massachusetts general hospital prescribed clonidine , a hypertension drug , for children with a certain attention deficit disorder ."
"john paul brady , professor emeritus of psychiatry at the university of pennsylvania in philadelphia , found that bethanechol"
"frances pavick of atlantic highlands , n . j . , calls brady s unconventional approach a miracle ."
nor has pavick experienced headaches over paying for her bethanechol
that is not always the case with off label drugs .
insurers have no consistent standards on coverage .
many will pay up if doctors deem a prescription medically reasonable and necessary .
"cimetidine for warts , clonidine for sleeplessness and bethanechol for speech problems haven t yet made it into drug evaluations or the u . s ."
"still , hundreds of double duty uses are already logged ."
it is up to doctors and patients to seek them out .
abuse of the elderly is a crime rarely reported but which affects as many as million people each year in the u . s .
to indicate elder abuse is on the rise .
kuwait ap massoumah al mubarak knows the power of democracy in kuwait .
"when kuwait s emir decreed women should have the vote , the freewheeling parliament a rare symbol of democratic ideals in the persian gulf used its constitutional powers to overrule him ."
a week later legislators rejected women s suffrage again in a separate bill .
"this is what they are so proud of here , said al mubarak , a professor of international relations and prominent women s activist ."
they use the tools of democracy to undermine democracy .
"nearly years ago , u . s . led forces drove iraqi occupiers from kuwait amid promises of political equality in kuwait , promises that made it easier to sell americans on a distant war to protect a tiny , wealthy autocracy ."
"as u . s . troops mass here for a possible second war against iraq , kuwaiti democracy remains an ideal that is usually discussed using comparisons ."
"compared to the other countries around us , kuwait is very democratic , said waleed al tabtabai , a conservative muslim lawmaker ."
"saudi arabia or qatar , their councils are just veneer ."
"in kuwait , anybody can run and elections are free , he said ."
"that , however , depends on the definition of anybody ."
"of the . million people who live in kuwait , only about , are registered voters ."
"nearly two thirds of the population are foreigners , many of whom perform low status jobs in the oil rich nation ."
"of kuwait s , citizens , the excluded include people under and naturalized citizens of less than years standing ."
"members of the military and the police also are barred , to keep the forces from being politicized ."
"most conspicuously absent , from polling booths and candidate lists , are women ."
"it s only a democracy of the few , al mubarak said ."
"just across the border in saudi arabia , women face employment and social restrictions and aren t even allowed to drive ."
kuwaiti women are legally protected in the workplace and in education .
they hold key business jobs and a few occupy top diplomatic and government posts .
"when it comes to governing , many kuwaitis still believe a woman s place is far from parliament ."
smoke has been getting in the eyes of tobacco companies lately .
whistle blowers like jeffrey wigand have said cigarette makers knew all along their product was addictive .
the food and drug administration is looking to strike while the ash is hot .
the agency wants to ban all pictures and images in print ads for tobacco in any publication whose readership isn t at least over years of age .
can the fda do that ?
would the ban crimp businesses like advertising and publishing ?
and would it reduce smoking in america ?
"the answers seem to be maybe not , probably not , and unclear ."
non tobacco industry lawyers think the fda may be overstepping its authority .
our concern is not with tobacco but with the power of government to undermine the first amendment rights of business .
tobacco accounted for of advertising revenues .
ads for cigarettes have since fallen to about .
smokers are the most loyal consumers in the world .
and they aren t likely to quit if their brand is no longer shined in glossy four color .
"however , if limiting glamorous ads would prevent young people from taking up smoking , the fda s ban might not be such a bad thing ."
keeping percent of what she recovers .
the potential in her business is great
the private sector can t do it .
but moms who aren t poor complain that state agencies focus on welfare cases .
hiring a deadbeat dad detective is filling in that gap and delivering money to mothers and their children .
"bethlehem , west bank ap rain drips through the wooden roof of the ancient church of the nativity , a cold and nearly empty place except for a few monks and a couple of children begging for change ."
"just two weeks before the holiday , there are few signs of christmas in the town where tradition holds jesus was born ."
israeli soldiers patrol manger square after occupying the town for the third time in recent months .
"there is no christmas tree in the square , no decorations , few pilgrims ."
"through fog and wind , palestinians rush around on streets chewed up by tank treads to buy food before the soldiers shout for people to get back inside ."
"for a third year , violence overshadows preparations for bethlehem s christmas , a holiday that used to draw tens of thousands of tourists and was the lifeblood of the town s economy ."
this holy town has been a place of despair for the last two years .
a massive force of israeli soldiers shut down the town for more than a month in the spring as troops hunted palestinian militants they believed were behind suicide bombings in israeli cities .
"on tuesday , candles flickered and burning incense wafted through the church ."
"a woman with a wrinkled face and long , gray black hair swished a broom to push puddles of rain water into a pail ."
a couple of children begged strangers for money .
"built like a fortress over what christians believe is jesus birth cave , the th century stone and wood church of the nativity became a place of violence ."
"for days , israeli battle tanks and rooftop snipers surrounded the church , where gunmen hid out and survived on boiled grass and well water ."
"ancient frescos and a statue of the virgin mary were pocked by bullets , and several rooms gutted by fire during the standoff ."
"israeli troops reoccupied bethlehem s streets for two months this summer and again three weeks ago , imposing curfews to clear the streets except for a few hours every fourth day ."
"during one such break tuesday , jack giacaman , , hurried to finish carving olive wood nativity figures he promised he d have for a priest by christmas ."
"ibm hasn t done that , hopes never to have to ."
it s hardly a surprise that one of the main reasons people like to work for ibm is the company s all out effort to maintain full employment .
can it really be years ago that ibm included the above paragraph in a book it handed out to every employee ?
"its employees , of course , bought into it completely ."
didn t ibm dominate the mainframe computer industry ?
"hadn t it always taken care of its people , even those who were only minimally competent ?"
if they wore the blue suit and went where the company sent them and did what the company asked of them
if they committed completely to ibm
then they were taken care of for life .
"that was the deal , and there was nothing implicit about it ."
it was right there in black and white .
"and then , seemingly out of nowhere , along came microsoft ."
along came the rise of the personal computer and the decline of the mainframe .
along came the commoditization of hardware and the primacy of software .
"which is to say , along came the one true constant of capitalism"
"and there was ibm , saddled with , loyal workers and a sacrosanct no layoffs policy , watching in anger and bewilderment as its new , more nimble competitors ran rings around it ."
"by the mid s , when ibm finally abandoned its full employment stance and started downsizing , it wasn t just fighting to retain its position as king of the hill"
it was fighting for its very life .
"today it employs around , workers , and while no one expects it to regain its former lofty position , no one expects it to go out of business anytime soon , either ."
"they ruin morale , corrode loyalty , and cause tremendous pain to employees who , through no fault of their own , find themselves out of work ."
they are clearly at the heart of the tremendous anxiety so many americans feel .
it is a chilling place few visitors will ever forget
"the sights and sounds of hatred , prejudice and genocide ."
china s mao tse tung had his little red book .
"now , iraqi president saddam hussein has a pocket sized , white bound pamphlet filled with his words of wisdom ."
don t be attracted to easy paths because the paths that make your feet bleed are the only way to get ahead in life .
"earlier this year , the iraqi information ministry brought out saddam hussein"
"great lessons , commandments to strugglers , the patient and holy warriors ."
"most iraqis were already familiar with the free pamphlet s contents , quotations drawn from speeches made by saddam , including one in marking the th anniversary of the end of the iran iraq war ."
"since , selections from the commandments have been painted on school walls , carved on statues , printed in iraqi newspapers , splashed across huge billboards , framed and placed on the walls in government offices all of which are controlled by the state , saddam s baath party or saddam s son odai ."
"the muslim call to prayer is broadcast on state television in iraq , and after every call five times daily a few of the commandments are read ."
saddam s commandments cover all aspects of life .
he advises against making decisions in anger or humiliating an enemy after defeating him .
"he calls for doing good , depending on brains as well as brawn , ruling fairly , planning well , keeping people s secrets and learning from others mistakes ."
"at baghdad s al quds elementary school , the commandments are painted in black and red on the walls of the entrance and in the classrooms ."
"seven year old ilaf marwan raised her hand , then stood and recited confidently keep your eyes on your enemy and be faster than him ."
"if saddam is seeking advice as the current standoff regarding the u . n . weapons inspection intensifies , he might turn to page of his pamphlet don t provoke a snake unless you have the intention and power to cut off its head ."
but contrary to critics like the new york times
"they re almost always a necessary , and usually belated response to dramatic change ."
"so it was at general motors , which began downsizing after years of losing market share to japanese automakers ."
"so it is at sears , which has shed , people during the s , as more and more of its customers have migrated to new competitors like wal mart ."
"indeed , the telecom industry is as good an example as any of the kind of profound change the american economy is currently undergoing ."
"there is globalization at work , as equipment that was once routinely made in the u . s . is now manufactured in places like malaysia ."
"and the cataclysmic effect of deregulation , which will clearly transform this thing we call telecommunications in ways we can t even imagine right now ."
"back in the old ma bell days , for instance , when at t was the telecommunications industry , it employed a little more than , people ."
"today , at t employs roughly , ."
"yet the industry still employs around , ."
"in other words , industrywide there has been virtually no job loss despite at t s downsizing ."
thanks to the same economic forces that are causing at t to lay off workers right now .
they also complain that wall street
and they re right on both counts .
"as for the first charge , the sad fact is that corporate america s inability"
to soften the blow for that year old out of work middle manager is its biggest failure .
"nor have companies done a very good job of making the case they should be making , namely that despite the current pain , we ll all be better off once we ve adjusted to this new era of global competition and technological change ."
this was paul and donna cooney on the day they won million in the florida lottery .
but the fortune turned bitter sweet .
she ll take home half the take .
new york ap the union representing new york subway and bus workers suspended its deadline to shut down the nation s largest mass transit system early monday and reported progress in talks to avert a strike .
"we have made sufficient progress to stop the clock , transport workers union secretary treasurer ed watt said ."
"the union s , workers had been poised to strike if they did not receive a new contract giving them raises and changing work rules they called demeaning ."
union chief roger toussaint and top metropolitan transportation authority negotiator gary dellaverson continued their intense talks at a midtown manhattan hotel .
watt said the two sides had made progress primarily in noneconomic areas .
"but another union leader , john moore , said the mta had yet to address the issue of a wage increase potentially a significant obstacle to a settlement ."
"believe me , we feel bad for everybody out there , said token booth clerk patrick jarvine , who was working late sunday at the times square station ."
all we want to do is pay the bills .
"that s all we want , and that s not too much to ask ."
"mayor michael bloomberg was pleased that negotiations would continue and hoped that a strike would be averted , spokesman ed skyler said ."
"earlier sunday , bloomberg warned new yorkers to plan for a strike and declared we are all in this together ."
george pataki rejected demands that he intervene in negotiations .
"there is no person capable of riding in on a white horse with a bag of money to resolve this contract , pataki said ."
he and bloomberg spoke to reporters as the city s emergency command center went into operation in anticipation of a strike .
"minutes later , toussaint said all major contract issues still needed to be resolved ."
but he did not rule out a last minute settlement with the metropolitan transportation authority .
"instead , albert dunlap , the former scott paper ceo and corporate america s unofficial spokesman on the issue , goes on nightline and , to his eternal shame , labels as socialism labor secretary s proposal to give tax breaks to companies that avoid layoffs ."
"whether or not the secretary s idea has merit , at least he s trying ."
we point out the warning signs and investigate which industries are ripe for the next round of restructuring .
we follow a handful of career at t employees who have lost their jobs .
"but throughout , we hope you ll be able to keep in mind that there is a larger picture here"
"it may not feel that way when you re in a downsizing company , but that is history s lesson ."
transformation as we moved from a rural economy to an urban one .
"we ve been through the depression , when the economy seemed moribund , and since then through a world war , when the economy was completely geared to war production ."
"we ve watched the rise of the giant corporation , a development speaking of ironies that was not considered particularly healthy at the time ."
"always , there have been winners and losers during such times of change , and the losers did not deserve their fate any more than today s unemployed middle manager does ."
"yet in the end , we ve always managed to adapt to the economic forces around us ."
"yes , the old contract between company and employee is dead ."
but eventually some new ethos will replace those values and will be as widely accepted
and as taken for granted
i have a friend who works at a silicon valley company that is in deep trouble and is about to go through its second round of layoffs .
"in better times , it was one of those places that threw beer blasts every friday , gave its workers paid sabbaticals , and had a no layoffs policy ."
"the company broke that policy about two years ago , and my friend remembers vividly how bad it was"
it completely changed the culture of the company .
we felt as if all the values we had believed in were thrown out the window .
morale was just terrible
people would hover in little groups to trade gossip about who was going to get laid off .
and gossip was all we could do because the company wouldn t tell us anything .
that was the most infuriating part of all .
tell us who s going to lose their jobs !
and do you know something ?
we should have done it years before .
"the museum was losing , a year ."
among the highlights
"this packard that went for , ."
all buyers now have one week to drive or tow their purchases out of here .
"caracas , venezuela ap the strike against president hugo chavez s rule began strangling venezuela s critical oil industry as thousands of opposition demonstrators noisily marched to a key symbol of the president s revolution ."
"the strike which marks its th day on wednesday has reduced venezuela s oil output from nearly million to , barrels per day , sending the world price of crude oil above a barrel and depriving venezuela of million daily in export income ."
the strike has cut venezuela s oil exports to the united states venezuelan oil normally accounts for percent of u . s . oil imports .
"chavez has sent soldiers to striking oil facilities to little effect , and venezuela s tanker shipping fleet lay at anchor , its crews having joined the strike ."
"while the lifeblood of the nation s economy slowed to a trickle , thousands of chavez opponents marched toward the tomb of independence hero simon bolivar in downtown caracas ."
"tuesday was the nd anniversary of the death of bolivar , who is revered by chavez ."
but the leftist president s opponents said they also venerate bolivar .
"hundreds of chavez supporters , many wearing red headbands and waving red flags symbolizing chavez s leftist rule , awaited the opposition demonstrators at the tomb , ready to battle them in the streets as they have in recent days ."
"we are defending chavez , said heide carolina ruiz , an year old high school student ."
she said she wasn t concerned that the chavez supporters outside the tomb were far outnumbered .
"amid fears that violence might erupt , march leaders decided to halt the demonstration a couple of blocks from the tomb ."
"then , demonstrators were chosen to enter the building housing the bronze tomb through a side door and under police guard ."
is showing signs of declining .
"the ministry of finance has released figures indicating the august surplus fell to below six billion dollars , from . billion dollars in july ."
record highs set by the japanese yen against the u . s . dollar the strength of the japanese currency has put added strain on japan s ability to sell its products in overseas markets .
the clinton administration and the japanese government teetered on the brink of a trade war sanctions were averted when the two governments struck an eleventh hour agreement on japan increasing its purchase of u . s . cars and auto parts .
"new york ap a civic group concerned with rebuilding lower manhattan said thursday that while the new designs for the world trade center site were inspiring , the process for deciding what will be built there is flawed ."
"it was a great deal of form without any relationship to the function or the process , said ron shiffman , a professor of architecture at the pratt institute ."
shiffman and others at the civic alliance to rebuild downtown s news conference said it was difficult to judge the plans presented wednesday by seven teams of architects without knowing how much commercial space will be built at the trade center site and who is deciding that .
"beverly willis , co founder of a community group called rebuild downtown our town , said great architecture requires a great client ."
do we have a great client ?
i don t know who the client is .
"george pataki controls key appointments to the boards of the port authority of new york and new jersey , which owns the trade center site , and the lower manhattan development corp . , which has been charged with redeveloping it ."
"the two agencies , which together will choose a final plan by jan . , instructed the architects who unveiled their designs wednesday to plan for . million to million square feet of office space on the acre site ."
"the teams of architects from around the world offered a dazzling array of designs , several of which included towers that would be the tallest buildings in the world ."
"the architects were not required to provide cost estimates with their presentations , but several of them said thursday that their plans were flexible enough to be feasible whether there is a demand for million square feet of office space or not ."
"frederic schwartz , a member of the think team , which offered three plans , said all the plans including a world cultural center consisting of twin lattice work towers are defined by their cultural and public space and could be built with or without their accompanying office buildings ."
rebuilding officials had said earlier that the final plan might incorporate aspects of several of the designs .
"but louis tomson , president of the development corporation , said thursday that something based on one of the nine plans will be built ."
i m floored by the response of these architects .
i am delighted to be here to participate in this conference .
"and i want to commend all of you , especially those of you who have come great distances , for helping to enrich the dialogue about current affairs among our countries and around the world ."
this conference takes place at a historic time .
"as we approach a new century , we also find ourselves on the frontier of a new world ."
it is a world undergoing profound change .
we have watched as dictatorships and controlled economies have given way to democracy and free markets in country after country .
we have watched old divisions and hatreds recede or vanish .
and we have watched new opportunities for peace and prosperity unfold .
"at the same time , we have watched change generate new challenges and intensify old ones ."
"the challenge of poverty , the challenge of shrinking resources and accelerated global competition ."
"the challenge of peaceful coexistence in the face of ethnic , religious , cultural and political differences ."
"and most of all , the challenge of putting people first , of including all citizens"
"men and women , rich and poor , people of all races and creeds"
"today , too many nations waste precious resources on building and acquiring weapons of mass destruction , on staging wars and doing violence to basic human rights , instead of investing in their people ."
too often natural resources are destroyed and human ones exploited through irresponsible social behavior .
and too much time is spent in naked pursuit of power instead of working for peace and prosperity .
"whether we are in the media , in public life , in corporations , or as volunteers"
"is to think hard about how governments , businesses and citizens can help create conditions that encourage individual initiative and a vibrant civic life ."
was that social development and economic development go hand in hand .
you cannot have sustainable markets and trade without investing in human potential .
"during my trip to south asia , i saw example after example of women struggling to overcome poverty , illiteracy , inadequate health care and longstanding forms of discrimination ."
"i saw poor and illiterate women who had organized around their capacity to borrow and save money , and were beginning to lift themselves and their families out of acute poverty ."
i saw women who had acquired skills to make crafts they could sell for profit .
i saw women insisting that their daughters be given the same opportunities for schooling as their sons .
"development experts tell us that where women lack the tools of opportunity , children tend to be less educated and less well nourished ."
families tend to be larger and poorer .
"where women remain illiterate , we find that democratic institutions are more fragile and the environment less well managed ."
we have seen how the education of girls and women in parts of asia and south america has lifted whole regions out of poverty .
"we are learning around the world , and relearning here at home , that where women prosper , countries prosper ."
a culinary education doesn t come cheap .
has raised a question of grammar with serious implications for transgender people should the slain teen who lived as a girl be referred to as he or she ?
"news media , including the associated press , initially used the masculine pronoun ."
"transgender activists saw the masculine pronoun as disrespectful saying it was clear that araujo , who adopted the name gwen after singer gwen stefani of the alternative rock group no doubt , would have wanted to be referred to as a girl ."
others argued that allowing people to essentially self declare their gender without undergoing a physical change is too subjective an approach to grammar .
"after gathering more information from araujo s family , the ap decided to switch to the feminine pronoun when referring to the slain teenager from newark , california ."
"the ap stylebook doesn t have an entry for transgender , but does address the issue in part under sex changes"
"use the pronoun preferred by the individuals who have acquired the physical characteristics by hormone therapy , body modification , or surgery of the opposite sex and present themselves in a way that does not correspond with their sex at birth ."
"if that preference is not expressed , use the pronoun consistent with the way the individuals live publicly ."
"araujo presented herself consistently as female wearing women s clothing , makeup and long hair ."
"araujo also intended to have sex change surgery , according to her mother , sylvia guerrero , who had promised the teen she would file a name change petition after that was accomplished ."
"he was going to be a she and so we can go by she out of respect to her , guerrero told the ap ."
switching the habit of a lifetime has been tough for araujo s mother .
"although guerrero tried hard to use gwen when they were out in public partly for her child s safety she says she sometimes slipped up , much to her teen s chagrin ."
it s not that i m disrespecting you .
"i respect you very much , she remembers telling the teen ."
economic theory suggests that better human capital is an important source of growth .
measuring it is devilishly difficult .
investing in people is a popular political goal in rich and poor countries alike .
rich country politicians talk of skill deficits and the need to improve training
"in poorer countries , the emphasis is on better health and general education ."
"that is the health , education and skills of the workforce ."
"according to modern growth theories , the accumulation of human as well as physical capital is a powerful engine of economic growth ."
"but to gauge the effects of improved human capital , economists need to be able to measure it ."
"unfortunately , this is far from simple ."
early attempts to measure its contribution to human capital made use of literacy rates .
in practice this is unsatisfactory .
the definition of literacy is subjective .
"more important , the test captures only a basic level of education , ignoring the differences among literate people , some of whom are much better educated than others ."
another way of measuring the quantity of education is to use school enrollment ratios .
"the main difficulty with this is that such ratios measure future , rather than present , human capital ."
today s schoolchildren will not be part of the productive labor force until far into the future .
"the best attempt at measuring education across countries to date has been made by robert barro , an economist at harvard university , and lee jong wha from korea university ."
in they published a comparison of educational attainment ratios for countries between and .
"this calculated the proportion of men and women over who had completed different levels of schooling ie , none"
"although their results are widely used by economists as a measure of the educational component of human capital , they still leave some things to be desired ."
one snag is the varying quality of education
"moreover , even if educational quality could be accurately measured in these ways , the results would tell you only so much ."
people who spent their school days studying classical greek may have less productive human capital than those who studied computer science .
one way of overcoming these difficulties is to measure human capital by looking at wages .
"in a recent paper , casey mulligan from the university of chicago and xavier sala i martin from pompeu fabra university in barcelona tried to calculate an index of human capital based on labor incomes ."
the idea is that the amount of human capital a person possesses should be reflected in pay .
"although this wage based approach to measurement avoids some of the pitfalls that come from equating levels of education directly with human capital , it creates others ."
"for a start , the approach depends on having detailed information both about wages and schooling ."
"messrs mulligan and sala i martin calculated their index for the united states , where statistics are available in abundance ."
it would be extremely difficult to replicate this approach in many other countries .
"more crucially , the authors assume that labor markets function perfectly and that higher wages are based only on changes in human capital ."
even in the united states this is a dubious assumption .
"plainly , both approaches to measurement have their drawbacks ."
which is best will depend largely upon what countries economists are studying .
"where statistics are fragile or labor markets heavily distorted , the best approach is probably to try to improve measurement of education ."
"as with much in economics , the importance of human capital is easier to prove in theory than to measure ."
european governments and environmental groups are hailing the shell oil company s decision to call off its controversial plan to sink an oil rig off scotland .
that could be more dangerous than disposal at sea .
officials of the anglo dutch company announced tuesday they were giving up on their original plan because they lacked support .
shell s about face followed and protests by the environmental group greenpeace .
vatican city ap pope john paul ii celebrated christmas eve mass early wednesday against the backdrop of a possible war against iraq a war to which the vatican is voicing increasing opposition .
"peter s basilica decorated with red poinsettias , a frail john paul presided over midnight mass , ushering in one of the most joyous christian holidays amid mounting tensions between washington and baghdad ."
"while the clouds of war lengthen , the minds and hearts of men in all continents are drawn to christmas , the newspaper wrote in a front page article ."
"in recent days , top vatican officials have said a preventive war against iraq had no legal justification and could spark an anti christian campaign in the muslim world ."
"despite the shadow cast by the specter of war , christmas festivities were well under way at the vatican on christmas eve , with the traditional unveiling of the life sized nativity scene in st . peter s square , depicting the birth of jesus in a bethlehem manger ."
bagpipes played and children s choirs sang on the warm winter s night as visitors marveled at the creche and twinkling croatian christmas tree that stood tall next to the piazza s obelisk .
"after nightfall , john paul went to his studio window above the piazza and lit a candle , a silent vigil for peace that has been a hallmark of his year papacy ."
"the pope later emerged for midnight mass , looking tired but resplendent in gold trimmed white vestments ."
the year old pope suffers from the symptoms of parkinson s disease and has trouble walking .
"as hymns rang out in the marble basilica , children from nine countries and dressed in traditional costumes presented wreaths to the church altar as john paul looked on smiling ."
"in his homily , the pope recalled the image of the baby jesus in the manger , saying he was born for a humanity searching for freedom and peace ."
the fate of american dissident harry wu
"a chinese court has found him guilty of spying and other charges , sentencing him to years in prison ."
while trying to enter china from kazakhstan .
"he was formerly arrested in july on spying charges , and he was later taken to wuhan , a city in central hubei province ."
"cried sumner redstone of viacom , and disney s eisner agreed ."
"on the other side of the great divide , rupert murdoch of news corp ."
the debate becomes moot with disney s epic deal
"but the conglomeration of disney or time warner is not like that of itt , which combines property insurance with antilock brakes and casinos ."
disney s merger with cap cities unites entertainment production and distribution operations that complement each other like oil and vinegar .
"by contrast , the westinghouse cbs combination merely piles two broadcasters on top of each other ."
hollywood studios and tv networks are natural partners .
the federal communications commission cleaved the two businesses apart in the s with arcane regulations known as the financial interest syndication rules .
"fin syn is scheduled to lapse this fall , making deals like disney s permissible again ."
"so long as fin syn governed their behavior , entertainment companies had to choose between content and distribution ."
"content hawks like eisner argued that people pay for entertainment , not distribution"
"no one wants to see a lousy movie or program , regardless of where it s shown ."
the counterargument was equally convincing
even the best programming will die unless it can reach its audiences .
"in theory , the much discussed convergence of computing , telecommunications , information , and entertainment creates a hierarchy of value ."
but reality is more complicated than that .
"movies cost an average of million each to make and market , and hollywood churns out a couple hundred of them each year ."
yet top pictures typically consume roughly of total box office .
the odds are no better in tv production .
"it s an asset play , not a cash flow play ."
"after building up great libraries of copyrighted movies and shows , production companies usually make up for lean years by selling out to a new owner for a fabulous price ."
every major studio but disney has done that more than once .
"but the leading content companies are getting almost too big to buy , making expansion into distribution a more attractive alternative ."
"abc , nbc , fox , and cbs still reach mass audiences with an efficiency unmatched by cable tv , movie theaters , videocassettes , or anything else ."
"that s true despite the growing popularity of entertainment alternatives , which have stolen of the prime time audience from networks ."
the scarcity of mass distribution systems is what has magnified the economic value of networks .
"in a decade or two , when telephone , cable , and satellite companies may offer channels of mass distribution to every home , the networks present advantage will shift to marketers with brand names viewers trust ."
but a lot of money will be made and lost between now and then .
"and when that day comes , disney s shareholders will not be sorry to possess such familiar trademarks as abc and espn ."
"ordzhonikidzevskaya , russia ap faced with the possible closure of the camp where he lives along with thousands of other chechen refugees , dzhabrail galuyev says he would rather die than leave ."
"even if soldiers come in tanks and forcefully throw people out of their tents , even then i won t leave , i ll die here ."
"in that case , somebody would know about my death , he said ."
"there in chechnya , i could simply disappear ."
he worried that his two sons would be seized by russian troops during the loathed mopping up operations conducted in chechen villages during the hunt for suspected rebels .
"civilians complain of wide abuses in these operations , saying innocent young men are taken away and never seen again , others summarily executed or beaten ."
"like galuyev , tens of thousands of chechens are afraid to return to their homeland , where air strikes , artillery barrages and rebel attacks break out daily , but are under pressure to leave their camps ."
"one camp was closed in early december , and human rights groups say authorities have told residents of other camps that their gas and electricity will be cut off and have even threatened to frame them for crimes if they don leave ."
"declarations by russian officials that refugees return to chechnya is completely voluntary is simply not true , said anna neistat , head of the moscow office of human rights watch ."
these insistent attempts to return people to a conflict zone are absolutely incompatible with russia s obligations under international law .
"the united nations says about , people live in the tent camps , and another , stay with relatives or in makeshift shelters in ingushetia ."
"at galuyev s camp , bella , in the ingushetia region next to chechnya , the population has fallen by a third in recent months to about , amid threats it will soon close ."
"two weeks ago , about to soldiers , all officers , came here . they told the people it would be better for them to go away now when they could be helped with their move . . . than when the gas and electricity is cut off , said refugee anya kosenko , ."
"the soldiers said the decision to close the camp had already been made and the choice would be whether you would freeze to death in the cold or move , she said ."
one new york city resident said it was all about self respect .
would be good for the nation .
"but we got pain , too ."
"if the dialogue is proper , then we might be able to end the pain , and ending the pain may be good for both ."
"the men , gathered in a focus group conducted by fortune , could be remarkably compassionate about the subject , but generally they regard midlife crises as vaguely embarrassing thing that other people occasionally have ."
midlife crisis is a label you put on other people doing bizarre behavior .
but you never anticipate that you will do it .
but none of them concede that their midlife musings and second guessing ever actually escalated into a crisis .
"and none of them report having voluntarily changed careers , spouses , or hometowns as a result of any navel gazing ."
"frankly , these men appeared trapped , in their perception , by the burden of being men , and envious of the freedom available to many professional women ."
their self image as breadwinners seems to have snuffed out any serious consideration of chucking everything for a new career or lifestyle .
"besides , says peter , a benefits consultant , most men are scared to change ."
they re afraid of making a decision .
"professional women in the workplace have it rough in many ways , but are freer than men to pull up stakes and try something completely different ."
"true , they have to put up with lower wages , leering bosses , the pressure of bearing and raising children , and the isolation of being almost alone in a male world ."
"but a woman who is not the primary wage earner has the option of staying home , says one ."
"that is human , not female , nature , they agree"
"women , they say , are more likely to have crises because they have different clocks that force them to make important decisions at different times than men ."
other men in the group feel that women become very concerned about their appearance when they turn .
"when women worry that their attractiveness is ending , they worry that their career is ending too , and quit ."
men see themselves as having more years .
"when a full fledged midlife crisis comes along , though , nearly all agree that a woman is likely to handle it much better than a man ."
"men buy porches , disappear to florida , shack up with chippies , and come back six weeks later ."
they get involved socially
they join a bridge club .
how would their wives react if these men announced they were having a midlife crisis ?
every reaction imaginable has been predicted .
dave figures his wife would be concerned and compassionate .
"al s ex wife would have hired a private detective , figuring he was about to have an affair , he jokes ."
"anti aircraft weaponry is in place to protect south korean world cup football venues but the government and armed forces have yet to finalize a strategy to contend with breaches of no fly zones who wished to remain anonymous , said that president kim had been briefed on security and presented with a detailed report about the u . s . economy s chances for recovery , contrasting somewhat with his remarks earlier this month but still pointing out the risks to a runaway recovery ."
"there have been signs recently that some of the forces that have been restraining the economy over the past year are starting to diminish and that activity is beginning to firm , greenspan said to the senate budget committee ."
"to force vice president dick cheney to release information about the enron task force the general accounting office , the investigative arm of congress , has said it wants to know several things about the closed door meetings , including the names of enron executives who attended , when and where the meetings were held and how much they cost ."
"that tries to trick computer users into clicking on a virus infected web link and began spreading to europe and parts of north america , computer experts said ."
"the so called my party worm , which is not considered destructive , microsoft windows address book and outlook express database ."
saying her power struggles were stalling the passing of crucial budget legislation .
"over the myriad confrontations between tanaka and ministry bureaucrats since her appointment to the cabinet post a retired satellite with no onboard steering system should re enter earth s atmosphere and leave a trail of debris in its wake , nasa cautioned today ."
"most of the doomed satellite will burn up but a handful of metal chunks could survive , ranging from . kg to kg , nasa space flight engineers said ."
"by a razor thin margin , quebec has voted to remain a part of canada ."
"losing by only of the vote , separatist leaders have quickly and defiantly vowed even federalists say the time has come for real reform in canada ."
"the premier of nova scotia , john savage , says quebec must be recognized as a distinct society ."
"rapid advances in the computer and telecommunications technologies have drawn valuable business information , as well as personal communications , out into the open ."
"businesses need to protect telephone conversations and electronic messages from competitors , industrial spies , and private investigators ."
"consumers using computer networks to send personal mail , file tax reports , or shop from home with a credit card also need confidentiality ."
"but as security becomes a growing concern in this age of ever higher technology , a possible solution has emerged"
"cheap , easy to use , and virtually unbreakable encryption ."
the problem with encryption is that it can help shield lawbreakers as well as law abiding citizens .
"u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies contend that if virtually unbreakable codes become widely available , their efforts to protect the public from criminal elements will be paralyzed ."
so the agencies have developed a technology known as clipper chip as a way to neutralize strong encryption .
"david galernter , associate professor of computer science at yale university , says the clipper has become the focus of a yearlong public debate ."
more people in the technology and scientific community oppose it out of fear of government intrusion into privacy .
they regard that kind of fear of government as prudent .
i would regard it as paranoid .
but that s where the difference of opinion comes in .
"in this focus report , neil lavan assesses the necessity to balance the individual s right to privacy with society s need to combat crime in the information age ."
"cryptography , the science of sending secret messages , has been used by governments , diplomats and military commanders since antiquity ."
it has always worked by means of keys .
"an original message was encrypted by the sender into jibberish and decrypted by a receiver using the same method , or key ."
problems arose with making the key known to both parties and then protecting it from third parties .
modern day encryption began in the mid s when two computer scientists at stanford university split the cryptographic key .
the split key system shields telephone communications from eavesdroppers and provides a secure electronic identification for contracts and financial transactions .
"in this system , every user has two keys a public one and a private one ."
whatever is scrambled by the public key can only be unscrambled by the private key .
"if somebody uses your public key to send you an encoded message , you alone can decode it because you alone have the private key ."
a potential third party would not be able to crack the code .
enter the clipper chip .
"created by scientists at the u . s . national security agency , the clipper chip would let users encode telephone , computer transmissions , and other communications devices while allowing law enforcement agencies to decode them ."
"also known as an escrowed encryption system , clipper is , in effect , an additional key held by the government in escrow ."
"steven walker , a former top national security agency cryptographer , says opponents want to know why law abiding citizens should give the federal government the key to their private communications ."
"it is not clear to me and to a lot of others , that the government necessarily does have or should have the right to listen in to any private communications that you and i might wish to have ."
"computer scientist david galertner argues that although one may buy a telephone or a computer that comes factory equipped with the clipper chip , that doesn t limit an individual s ability to run any kind of encryption he or she wants ."
"well , you can unplug the clipper chip and throw it away ."
more likely you can run any other kind of coding scheme on top of clipper .
"david johnson practices computer law in washington , d . c ."
"he is also president of lexus council connect , an on line communication service for lawyers ."
he says government officials hope the clipper will become the standard and will be widely used around the world because they worry that an increasingly sophisticated encryption technology could weaken the legal process .
"but , he says , he s not sure clipper is the answer ."
"they have never quite explained how it can be that a voluntary standard , like they propose , will really either be used by the people they re most interested in listening in to , which is unlikely , or ultimately be widespread , because in fact , the likelihood is that many people most concerned about security for very good reasons will distrust a standard that is designed , in part , to be intercepted ."
president george w . bush s state of the union address saying it was close to declaring a war .
"the statement was pyongyang s first official reaction in which he labeled the north , along with iraq and iran , as an axis of evil , seeking weapons of mass destruction , threatening the peace of the world ."
"dinosaur footprints have revealed that the ancient giants of million years ago were capable of rapid bursts of speed , faster than previously thought ."
"the analysis of dinosaur tracks , reported in the journal nature , the foot long creatures were able to accelerate from a walking pace of about four mph to a top speed of almost mph ."
"beijing has renewed its call for tibet s exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , to shed his independence goals and return to china ."
"called on the dalai lama , who ended a hospital stay in india , to return to the embrace of the motherland ."
"the central government still waits for the th dalai lama to give up his independence demand and end his exile life and return home , xinhua quoted the article in china s tibet magazine as saying ."
"japan s troubled space program is celebrating the successful launch of the country s biggest rocket to date , the h a"
but the mission suffered a setback when the rocket failed to deliver one of two probes into orbit .
"communications with the tiny . million dash probe was broken at its scheduled deployment time , with ground control technicians unable to confirm that it had reached orbit ."
"north korea , one of the three nations in u . s ."
"president bush s so called axis of evil , was a major exporter of missile technology and equipment to the middle east and other regions , central intelligence agency cia report to congress said that to the development and sale of ballistic missiles , equipment and related technology ."
about his country s troubled economy .
his country is beginning to get over the hump of a deep economic crisis .
but now it s holding steady after losing almost half of its value against the dollar .
a trade deficit has turned to a trade surplus
sharp inflation is starting just to ebb
"the co pilot on a united airlines flight from miami to buenos aires , struck an unruly passenger on the head after the man forced his way into the plane s cockpit ."
"the plane landed in buenos aires , argentina , the ax used to subdue the man was one usually carried on the plane ."
"the man was identified as pablo moreira , , a uruguay banker ."
"moreira is in the custody of argentine police and will be returned to miami , where he will be charged with interfering with a flight crew ."
more than twice the size of new york s island of manhattan broke free from an antarctic glacier in the ross sea .
"antarctic researchers have noted an increase in the number of massive icebergs calved from the continent two relatives of sir edmund hillary and tenzing norgay sherpa , the first climbers to scale mount everest , will try to climb the world s highest peak a second time next month ."
"it was reported that hillary s year old son peter and tenzing s grandson , tashi terzing , would make separate attempts to ascend the mountain as nepal starts the th anniversary celebrations of its first successful ascent in ."
the fbi issued a terrorism alert for authorities to be on the lookout for a man from yemen or saudi arabia and more than a dozen of his associates on u . s . interests in the united states or yemen .
a senior u . s . law enforcement official told cnn the information was viewed as credible because of the specificity of those allegedly involved in a plot .
"the lord of the rings , a fantasy film that was one of the top box office hits of , fulfilled a different kind of fantasy when it was nominated for academy awards , including a nod for best picture ."
the number of nominations is the second most after the earned by all about eve and titanic .
"though many of lord of the rings nominations were in technical categories , the film also picked up nods for best director peter jackson , best supporting actor ian mckellen , best cinematography and best adapted screenplay ."
"a group of hindu nationalists has marched to the indian parliament , in a bid to show their disregard for what they call growing western influence in their country ."
the hindu nationalists demanded a ban on valentine s day celebrations .
"they described cards for the lover s day as obscene , and a violation of mainly hindu india s cultural ethos ."
a group of software online service companies and publishers are developing a technical standard for labeling information that is distributed on computer networks .
that congress may attempt to regulate the industry .
"president bush will unveil his alternative to the kyoto agreement to combat global warming , offering businesses incentives to achieve an estimated . percent voluntary reduction in the u . s . over years ."
"the kyoto agreement , which called for the u . s ."
"more europeans than ever before log on in an attempt to find romance dating sites are reporting great increases in registered members people seeking partners online are willing to pay a subscription fee and ones that charge fees are more likely to survive in the future president bush arrived in tokyo at the start of a three nation east asian trip that will focus on many tough issues , including japan s struggling economy , north korea s weapons programs and u . s ."
protested the u . s . rejection of the kyoto protocol .
"where does a fairy tale go peter pan is back in theaters with the sequel return to never land , joining cinderella , dumbo , and lady and the tramp among the classic characters resurrected by the studio ."
thinking they were on british territory .
they hastily retreated after locals told them of their error .
gibraltar has been a contested area between london and madrid more than people have died in a blaze on board an egyptian train .
passengers attempted to escape the flames by jumping from the train as its driver carried on unaware of the blaze spreading through the rear carriages .
"the injured were taken to hospitals after being rescued from the train by villagers when the train stopped near al ayatt , about miles south of cairo ."
when they leapt from the blazing train trapped in at least six carriages .
environmental groups are calling for tougher standards to keep carcinogens out of drinking water .
they re criticizing attempts by republicans in congress to prevent the epa from imposing new standards .
"a survey of more than water systems shows significant levels of cancer causing arsenic , radon and other contaminants ."
"los angeles afp hollywood s top movie studios are poised to post a record year with around . billion in ticket receipts despite a u . s . economic slump and rampant movie piracy , industry sources said monday ."
"there is every indication that will be a bumper year for the major studios which have had a number of big blockbusters under their belts , said paul degarabedian of box office trackers exhibitor relations ."
"final box office figures for the top studios were due out later this week , but early projections indicated that . billion worth of tickets were sold , up by about percent over last year s record ."
the box office total of . billion had set a new all time record .
"despite jitters over an impending war with iraq , a dismal us christmas retail season and growing piracy , movie attendance was expected to grow by at least five percent , with higher ticket prices accounting for the remaining rise in revenue ."
"some . billion movie tickets were sold during the year , as new hits such as the musical chicago , jack nicholson s new film about schmidt and gangs of new york open ."
"a los angeles times study showed that more americans went to the cinema this year than at any time since , with escapism from recession and the threat of terrorism proving a major boon to the box office ."
"even though people have many more choices as far as leisure activities are concerned , the movies still offers a great form of escape , dergarabedian said ."
mega blockbusters of that helped fill studio coffers included a quiver of spin offs of established characters as well as a bevy of sequels to previous hit movies that the studios were keen to cash in on .
"the year s five top grossers were spider man , harry potter and the sorcerer s stone , star wars"
"episode ii attack of the clones , lord of the rings the fellowship of the ring and the animated feature monsters , inc ."
allergy researchers in kansas city say there may be a new health hazard floating around out there tiny particles of tire rubber in the air .
"the medical researchers say the rubber particles can cause severe , even fatal allergic reactions ."
"seoul , south korea ap deadly space laser aside , some south koreans are finding another aspect of the latest james bond flick hard to swallow its depiction of neighboring north korea as a diabolically evil regime and the whole korean peninsula as a backward underling to western saviors ."
die another day attracted crowds at its seoul premiere on new year s eve .
"but since then many south koreans are siding with the communist north in panning the film , despite the nuclear standoff that has recently boosted tensions between the countries ."
the latest has even spurred a budding boycott movement .
"i don t want to see a movie where north korea is depicted as a menace to peace on the korean peninsula and the united states is depicted as a hero that resolves the crisis , said park jin young , a year old university student waiting in line for a different picture friday at a seoul cinema ."
"in the movie , bond , allied with south korean operatives , is sent to intercept a crazed north korean officer , colonel moon , who is planning an invasion of south korea and then japan ."
"bond is eventually captured , imprisoned and tortured in communist north korea ."
"later , north korea uses a satellite based laser beam to burn a swath through the demilitarized zone separating the koreas ."
"the movie , starring pierce brosnan as agent , also depicts a u . s . intelligence official ordering the mobilization of the south korean army and an outdated scene of koreans using a cow to till fields ."
bond also has sex in a buddhist temple .
"on friday , a south korean civic group announced plans to launch a boycott campaign at some cinemas nationwide where the film is shown ."
the complaints nearly echo those north korea made before the film s debut .
"the mgm hit proves that the united states is the headquarters that spreads abnormality , degeneration , violence and . . . corrupt sex culture , said north korea s secretariat of the committee for the peaceful reunification of the fatherland ."
the committee is a communist party organ dealing mainly with relations with south korea .
"its statement was carried last month by the north s official news agency , kcna ."
"north korea s media has also called on the united states to stop screening the film , saying the th james bond feature slanders the isolated communist state ."
relations between the united states and north korea chilled last year after u . s . president george w . bush branded north korea part of the axis of evil .
inter korean exchanges also have slowed since north korea took steps last month to reactivate a nuclear program that experts say could build atomic bombs .
"but when it comes to the latest british secret service spy tale , the two koreas have formed a bond of a different sort ."
and mutual outrage has only springboarded off rising anti u . s . sentiment in south korea following the recent acquittals in u . s . military courts of u . s . soldiers whose armored vehicle hit and killed two korean girls .
"underlining the backlash was the lionization of popular south korean actor cha in pyo , who was initially approached for the role of maniacal colonel moon ."
"he refused the part , complaining it belittled his countrymen ."
"despite calls for a boycott , however , many are still lining up for the film s action packed thrills and sometimes out of plain curiosity over all the fuss ."
"i want to see the movie just to see what the critics are complaining about , a year old lee se young said after slapping down , won . for a ticket ."
"ap at years old , ben harris estimates he smokes a pack of cigarettes every two or three days ."
"harris , who began smoking when he was , doubts he ll quit anytime soon not even if officials in this borough of , near reading enact a proposal to prohibit anyone under from smoking outdoors ."
"i ve tried quitting and it s a lot harder than people think , harris said . a lot of people i know aren t happy about this ."
"borough council president randy gartner said police officers aren t happy they have no authority to cite teens smoking around town , especially in the summer ."
"the police chief and i were discussing the fact that kids could not legally buy cigarettes in pennsylvania , but we could see a lot of kids getting off the school bus and lighting up and coming to the playground and lighting up , gartner said ."
"the council was originally expected to vote monday on the proposed ordinance , which requires violators to pay a fine ."
"but the council now has decided to hold off on a decision while its attorney researches whether the proposal conflicts with a state law that pre empts local anti tobacco ordinances , gartner said ."
"under pennsylvania law , teens face penalties only for buying tobacco products including up to hours community services , a fine , and suspension of their driver s licenses for up to days , state health department spokesman richard mcgarvey said ."
"if the ordinance is approved , robesonia would likely become the first municipality in the state to impose such a ban , according to the pennsylvania state association of township supervisors ."
"according to the american lung association , states prohibit minors from possessing tobacco products ."
flemington became the first new jersey community to prosecute teens for smoking in .
penalties range from a verbal warning for the first violation to a fine of up to for five infractions .
"the department has cited hundreds of teens since the law took effect , but no one has incurred more than three violations , said cpl ."
"chris foley , flemington s juvenile officer ."
"i m not getting as many calls as i used to get when it first took effect , meaning that the program works , foley said ."
"ironically , national and statewide anti smoking groups have opposed laws that seek to prosecute minors for smoking ."
"they have argued that such efforts divert attention from retailers who sell cigarettes to minors , which they view as the real source of the problem ."
"our concern has been that the tobacco industry has been willing to accept efforts to go after kids as an alternative to going after the retailers , said eric lindblom , manager for policy research for the campaign for tobacco free kids in washington , d . c ."
you can blame this summer s hot weather for the drought .
they can also encourage youngsters to read and write more and that s saying a lot .
"cairo , egypt ap a presidential decree making christmas which falls on tuesday on egypt s coptic christian calendar a national holiday is focusing attention on relations between christians and muslims in this overwhelmingly islamic country ."
it is the first time a christian holiday has been officially recognized in modern egypt .
"in the past , only copts , as egyptian christians are known , got christmas off , while the rest of egypt worked as usual ."
several islamic holidays have long been national holidays .
"reaction by some muslims illustrates the sometimes uneasy relationship between the two faiths , according to copts who say their identity as egyptians and their contributions are not adequately recognized ."
"a statement posted on islammemo , a web site devoted to conservative islamic comment , said president hosni mubarak made christmas a holiday because of u . s . pressure to prove egypt was democratic and respected minorities rights ."
"the muslim brotherhood expressed surprise that the whole country was given the day off when , according to prominent brotherhood member essam el erian , only students had complained about occasionally having to take exams on christmas ."
"it is so strange that the regime is giving the people one more day off , while most government employees are not hard workers , el erian said ."
christmas became egypt s th national holiday .
copts have a long history in egypt tradition says st . mark brought christianity to egypt just a few years after the death of christ .
copts were once so dominant here that their name is the ancient name for all egyptians .
now they are estimated at just percent of egypt s million people .
"copts survived roman persecution and arab conquest , and today are generally free to worship in egypt ."
"but they complain of tensions with the muslim majority and say they face discrimination , particularly in the job market ."
"at times , they face violence ."
three of these children died within a six week period in september and october of this year .
the report is part of a government campaign launched earlier this month to warn parents about airbags .
seoul ap the robust south korean economy traditionally shrugs off flare ups with rival north korea such as a deadly naval clash last summer .
but atomic weapons are a different matter .
north korea s nuclear programs have now been branded this year s biggest hazard to the south s economy by the nation s central bank chief .
and the recent tensions are blamed as a contributor to everything from a tumbling stock market to hollowed out foreign investment .
"the economy is far from the downward spiral it took during the asian financial crisis , but economists warn that its rebound could be undercut if pyongyang adds to the two atom bombs it is believed to already possess ."
"the nuclear issue is a burden on the economy , said lee sung kwon , chief economist at goodmorning shinhan securities in seoul ."
"clashes with the north are not unheard of on the korean peninsula , which has been divided since and fought a three year war in the s , although they were more common in decades past ."
"last june , a naval shootout killed six south korean sailors , and a year earlier , communist and south korean troops fired shots across the demilitarized zone separating the two sides ."
financial markets usually react with no more than a ripple .
"but since revelations in october that north korea has a secret atomic weapons project , even a small confrontation along the border now carries nuclear overtones ."
"just last week , bank of korea chief park seung called it the biggest peril to the country s economy ."
"if the threat of war were to escalate too far , the economy could shrink this year instead of growing at . percent as forecast by the central bank , he said ."
"any disruption to peace would be a significant blow to foreign investment as well as exports and domestic consumption , park said ."
the researchers say sex outside the window probably will not result in pregnancy .
"honolulu ap a century ago , ronald moon s grandfathers arrived here from korea facing a future of working in hawaii s sugar cane fields ."
"like others in those first waves of korean immigrants to america , they carried little more than their culture , their values and a strong work ethic , qualities that descendants like moon , the chief justice of the hawaii supreme court , credit for helping shape their lives today ."
"they were true pioneers , and it took a great deal of courage , motivation and sacrifices to come here , moon said . i have no reservations in saying that if not for their teachings and values , i certainly would not be here ."
"on monday , exactly years after the first documented group of korean immigrants set foot in hawaii , those first korean immigrants to america will be honored by the centennial committee of korean immigration to the united states ."
"among the , people expected to attend the gala are diver sammy lee , the first asian american to win an olympic gold medal , and retired col ."
"kim young oak , recipient of military medals and the first asian american officer to command an american infantry battalion in combat ."
"there s no question the koreans in hawaii , and in many parts of the united states where they have settled , have done a great deal , moon said . when we speak about years here , i think the koreans have gone very far ."
the first korean immigrants to america arrived on the morning of jan .
", , when the ss gaelic pulled into honolulu harbor , delivering men , women and children to the u . s . territory ."
kim chee won was among them .
students of the culinary arts course at israel s devir college have unveiled their most ambitious project kilos of margarine and kilos of poppy seed went into this humongous purim cake .
"reads a slogan inside north korean jet cockpits , sailors cabins and army guard posts ."
"in schools , teachers tell students americans are two legged wolves and the united states is a hotbed of all evils swarming with beggars ."
"from kindergarten children to people s army troops , hatred toward americans is part of life in the impoverished , stalinist state that gets much of its international aid from the country it despises ."
"the isolated regime s bellicose rhetoric reached a new pitch in the past week , when north korea escalated its nuclear standoff with washington , warning of a third world war , a sea of fire and a holy war against the united states ."
"it s hardly new to me , says lee jae gun , a south korean fisherman who was kidnapped to north korea and lived there years until escaping in . it s a daily fodder in north korea ."
defectors from north korea describe the country as an orwellian place built on three pillars
"a personality cult surrounding leader kim jong il , stalinism and hatred of anything american ."
"kang chul hwan , who defected to south korea in , remembers textbooks telling the tale of an american missionary tattooing thief on a korean boy who picked an apple from his orchard ."
animated cartoons depict americans as sharp toothed wolves .
"cho myong chul , who defected to seoul in , recalls that hurling rocks at the effigy of a u . s . soldier was a schoolyard sport ."
"the animosity originates from the korean war , during which u . s . troops fought for south korea , and is cultivated by communist leaders , says cho , , a college professor in north korea who now works at seoul s korea institute for international economic policy ."
this woman s hands calm the patient s fears .
it can also tell a doctor so the doctor can stop the surgery .
the sultry jazz musical chicago won the golden globe for best musical comedy sunday while the hours was honored as best film drama .
dramatic performance honors went to jack nicholson for playing a depressed retiree in about schmidt and nicole kidman for her role as suicidal writer virginia woolf in the hours .
"i don t know whether to be happy or ashamed because i thought we made a comedy , nicholson said ."
the tragicomic about schmidt features him as an aging man searching for meaning at the end of his life .
"kidman , who disguised her face with prosthetics for the role , said she was just glad the hours was made into a film ."
"it was a tricky movie in terms of the subject matter , she said ."
"chicago co stars renee zellweger and richard gere won for best musical comedy acting , and meryl streep and chris cooper received supporting performer honors for the loopy screenwriting comedy adaptation ."
"martin scorsese received the best director for the civil war era immigrant saga gangs of new york , a film he had wanted to make for decades that , once completed , was delayed for more than a year by miramax films ."
maybe dream come true is a cliche because cliches are true .
"but it really is , he said ."
"zellweger , who played a star struck prisoner in chicago trying to beat a murder charge , thanked co star catherine zeta jones , whom she beat in the category ."
"you re a goddess and i m so glad the world now knows what you can do , zellweger told her while onstage ."
with the young and the frightened .
even the police are investigating .
the teenagers check out just fine .
"cairo , egypt ap for most of their modern history , iraqis have been little more than spectators as foreign occupiers , then a monarchy created by britain , and finally a series of homegrown strongmen played politics as a game of intrigue and assassination , massacre and war ."
iraqis must overcome that bloody past if they are to have a say in their future .
"the united states , threatening war to topple president saddam hussein because it believes he has weapons of mass destruction , says it wants his regime replaced by democracy ."
"iraqi exiles have drawn up ambitious plans , but are weakened by ethnic , religious and political divisions ."
these will make it difficult for the more than million iraqis to unite behind any new vision for the country .
saddam is just one in a long line of sunni muslims who have dominated iraqi politics and the military despite being roughly one third of the population .
any sunni reluctance to yield their status to the majority shiites could stand in the way of democracy .
"hamid al bayati , london representative of the iran based supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , a conservative shiite group long opposed to saddam , believes that despite its past , iraq will eventually fall in line with what he sees as a global trend ."
"the whole world is moving toward democracy , al bayati said . we are islamists and we believe that democracy is the only way to ensure freedom ."
the conversion from granite to grave marker rolls in billion a year in total sales in the united states .
that s not cutting deep into the headstone business .
ap fossil hunters in china have discovered what may be one of the weirdest prehistoric species ever seen a four winged dinosaur that apparently glided from tree to tree .
"the million year old animal called microraptor gui , in honor of chinese paleontologist gu zhiwei was about feet cm long and had two sets of feathered wings , with one set on its forelimbs and the other on its hind legs ."
exactly where the creature fits into the evolution of birds and dinosaurs is not clear .
"but researchers speculated that it developed around the same time as or even later than the first two wing , birdlike dinosaur , archaeopteryx , which is believed to have flown by actually flapping its wings ."
paleontologists were intrigued by the discovery .
"they have seen gliding dinosaurs before , but never one with feathers ."
and they have never seen a four winged dinosaur before .
"it would be a total oddity the weirdest creature in the world of dinosaurs and birds , said luis chiappe , a paleontologist at the natural history museum of los angeles county who did not participate in the dig ."
"scientists said the fossils discovered in the chinese province of liaoning , northeast of beijing , at a site that has yielded several important specimens in recent years revive a debate between two theories of how dinosaurs might have evolved into birds ."
one theory holds that some of these apparent bird ancestors learned to flap their wings to power flight while they were gliding from tree to tree .
the other theory suggests they learned to fly by increasing their running speed with their wings and taking off from the ground .
the latest find tends to support the gliding in trees theory .
details of the fossils appear in thursday s issue of the journal nature .
paleontologist xing xu of the institute of vertebrate paleontology and paleoanthropology at the chinese academy of sciences described six fossils with leg feathers arranged in a pattern similar to wing feathers in modern birds .
"they are long and some have asymmetrical vanes like flight feathers , xu said ."
"the feathered legs amount to rear wings , xu said ."
he speculated they could have represented an intermediate stage of development before the emergence of true flight powered by flapping the wings .
"or , the feathered legs could have been an evolutionary dead end , other researchers said ."
especially children already in pain from serious illnesses .
"doctors rub it on the area to be treated , for it to penetrate the skin ."
"diamond mountain , north korea ap chun kyong ok , a north korean environmental monitor , had a ready answer to why the united states does not attack the isolated communist state while poking its nose into every corner of iraq , even its president s palace ."
"that s because of our mighty military power , chun said matter of factly ."
hiking up the diamond mountain valley in north korea is a sojourn to a storied natural site that has inspired generations of korean scribes with its beauty .
"but it s also a visit to a place left behind in a cold war era , where the ideas of a generation ago are everywhere , on granite slabs and on the lips of communist minders ."
"the minders posted along the trekking route up the mountain s nine dragons valley are called environmental monitors , but are really part tour guides , part propagandists ."
"chun , a woman in her early s with a dab of lipstick and crimped hair pulled into a bun , said u . s . secretary of state colin powell were all war maniacs and that expecting them to love peace is like telling a wolf to give up bloody meat and live on vegetables ."
"the men and women wearing clean , padded anoraks and makeup , luxuries in this impoverished , totalitarian state mingle freely among the tourists traveling on a cruise ship that has taken a detour around the sealed border between the koreas ."
"the trip is run by the south korean conglomerate hyundai , which gives visitors mostly south koreans a rare view at the fabled diamond mountain in the southeast corner of north korea ."
"in return for opening up to tourists , the stalinist state gets badly needed hard currency ."
"on the trip , the northerners were eager to learn how their communist regime and leader kim jong il were viewed by south koreans and the united states amid high tensions over pyongyang s recent moves to reactivate its nuclear programs ."
"everybody is eager to know more about the south koreans , chun said ."
"she and other minders shoveled snow and had no problem chatting freely with the southern visitors , who trudged up a path cut through thigh high snow wearing crampons and bright windbreakers ."
"if you have to choose between the americans and the fellow koreans , what will you do ? hong young il , a year old north korean , asked a south korean ."
the southern tourists usually shy away from political debate .
"hyundai , which has been running the tour since , asks them not to say anything that might offend north koreans ."
the northerners seemed carefully educated in international issues concerning their government .
"they repeated official lines , but on occasion their comments threw rare glimpses into the north korean thinking ."
"asked whether he considered the americans a sworn enemy as north korea s official media often claim , hong said , that was so in old days ."
"we are now ready to talk with the united states if they recognize us and treat us as an equal partner , he said . the problem is the united states wants to subjugate us ."
"before their historic summit in thawed relations , the two koreas had vilified each other for decades ."
"hur bok nam , a year old north korean , urged the two koreas to live up to their compatriotic spirit and join forces to fight foreign forces a theme all north korean minders stressed ."
"one finger doesn t do much , but five fingers make a fist that can punch , he said ."
"hur looked disappointed but listened to the notion that most south koreans want , u . s . troops to stay in the south , a legacy of the korean war , as a deterrent against north korea and for regional security even after the two koreas reunify . you get tired of a guest who stays more than three days ."
"how can they have u . s . troops for over years ? chun , the female guide , said she hoped heavy snow this winter heralded a plentiful harvest later in the year in the hunger stricken country , which is dependent on outside aid to avert famine ."
she also hoped that cooperation and reconciliation with the south will thrive to resolve our problem in the north .
diamond mountain also serves as a billboard for the personality cult that has dominated the isolated country for half a century .
"verses and slogans cut into granite slabs extol the late president kim il sung , father of kim jong il ."
the trekking route was dotted with monuments celebrating the historic visit by the senior kim in .
"one monument was built at a spot where kim s faithful wife , kim jong suk , had to give up the rest of her hike and head down the valley to prepare lunch for the great leader ."
the trekking ended at a pagoda that commands a panoramic view of snowcapped peaks glinting in the sun and the frozen nine dragons waterfall .
"an ancient korean scribe compared the cascade to , bushels of pearls falling down ."
"pine branches sagged with piles of snow , and cameras flashed ."
she s about to receive vibrations .
because with a beeper they re free to wander around while they wait .
and waiting for the pa system to mispronounce your name .
"washington afp the united states and the rest of the world will not be blackmailed by north korea s drive for nuclear weapons , president george w . bush said tuesday in his state of the union address ."
"on the korean peninsula , an oppressive regime rules a people living in fear and starvation , bush said ."
"throughout the s , the united states relied on a negotiated framework to keep north korea from gain ing nuclear weapons ."
"we now know that the regime was deceiving the world , and developing those weapons all along ."
and today the north korean regime is using its nuclear program to incite fear and seek concessions .
"america and the world will not be blackmailed , bush said , noting that washington was working with south korea , japan , china , and russia to find a peaceful solution to the crisis ."
"but he warned pyongyang that nuclear weapons will bring only isolation , economic stagnation , and continued hardship ."
"the north korean regime will find respect in the world , and revival for its people , only when it turns away from its nuclear ambitions , bush said , in remarks on north korea that were much more restrained than some of his other statements over the last year ."
"bush had previously offered to reactivate a bold approach to north korea , once it ends the twin nuclear programs which the united states said sparked the crisis ."
"but administration officials say they will not negotiate with the stalinist state , and will only talk with it about how it can verifiably stand down the nuclear programs ."
"bush did not call on the united nations security council to take up the issue , though other lower level u . s . officials have called for such a move ."
pyongyang has warned that it will see any sanctions imposed by the council as a declaration of war .
the crisis was triggered last october when u . s . envoy james kelly confronted the stalinist state during a visit to pyongyang with u . s . claims that north korea had launched an enriched uranium program in violation with a anti nuclear deal with washington .
"despite north korea s denials , the united states suspended fuel aid to pyongyang , which responded late last year by reactivating the mothballed yongbyon plutonium producing nuclear complex , and expelling u . n . monitors ."
"even as bush spoke however , there was a new blow for hopes to and end to the crisis ."
"south korean president kim dae jung s envoy lim dong won left pyongyang wednesday after failing to meet kim jong il , officials said ."
"after arriving in seoul at pm gmt , the envoy will brief president kim on the outcome of his visit to north korea , a south korean official said ."
"before going to pyongyang , lim said he would try to receive a direct response from kim jong il to seoul s proposal for a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear issue ."
"citywalk , located between los angeles ?"
there are some things you won t see here
allows consumers to order and receive video services over the copper wires that already service almost every american home .
which contains movies stored as digital information .
"the information is then compressed and sent over telephone lines to the customer s house , where a decoder converts the signal back to full motion video ."
"both picture and audio quality are good , and normal phone service is uninterrupted ."
the system should be available late next year .
"ap high over texas and just short of home , space shuttle columbia fell to pieces , raining debris over hundreds of miles of countryside ."
"saturday s catastrophe occurred miles kilometers above the earth , in the last minutes of the day mission as the spaceship re entered the atmosphere and glided in for a landing in florida ."
"the day echoed one almost exactly years before , when the challenger space shuttle exploded ."
"the columbia is lost , said president george w . bush , after telephoning the families of the astronauts to console them ."
"the same creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today , bush said . the crew of the shuttle columbia did not return safely to earth but we can pray they are safely home ."
the search for the cause began immediately .
possible damage to columbia s protective thermal tiles on the left wing from a flying piece of debris during liftoff on jan .
nasa appointed an independent commission to investigate .
the agency said the first indication of trouble saturday was the loss of temperature sensors in the left wing s hydraulic system .
the spacecraft had just re entered the atmosphere and had reached the point at which it was subjected to the highest temperatures .
"nasa officials said they suspected the wing was damaged on liftoff , but felt there was no reason for concern ."
a piece of insulating foam on its external fuel tank came off shortly after liftoff and was believed to have hit the left wing of the shuttle .
"leroy cain , the lead flight director in mission control , assured reporters friday that engineers had concluded any damage was considered minor and posed no safety hazard ."
"as we look at that now in hindsight . . . we can t discount that there might be a connection , shuttle program manager ron dittemore said saturday ."
but we have to caution you and ourselves that we can t rush to judgment on it because there are a lot of things in this business that look like the smoking gun but turn out not even to be close .
"authorities said there was no indication of terrorism at , feet , meters and traveling at , mph , kph , times the speed of sound , the shuttle was out of range of any surface to air missile ."
"security was extraordinarily tight on this mission because ramon , israel s first astronaut , was among the crew members ."
it was a relatively inexperienced crew
"only three husband , anderson and indian born chawla had flown before ."
"the others were rookies , including ramon , the year old israeli air force colonel ."
"a former fighter pilot who survived two wars , he carried into space a small pencil drawing titled moon landscape by peter ginz , a year old jewish boy killed at auschwitz ."
"the state of israel and its citizens are as one at this difficult time , israeli prime minister ariel sharon s office said in a statement ."
television footage showed a bright light followed by white smoke plumes streaking diagonally across the sky .
we saw it coming across the sky real bright and shiny and all in one piece .
"we thought it was the sun shining off an airplane , said doug ruby , who was driving along a texas highway ."
pieces of the spacecraft were found in several east texas counties and in louisiana .
"a piece of debris the size of a compact car fell into toledo bend reservoir on the texas louisiana line , said sabine county sheriff tom maddox ."
"in nacogdoches , miles kilometers northeast of houston , a national guardsman stood watch over a steel rod with silver bolts ."
people streamed up to take photos of the debris .
"the federal aviation administration issued a notice to airmen because the national weather service radar picked up a debris cloud about miles kilometers long and to miles to kilometers wide over lake charles , louisiana ."
"the army s st cavalry division sent a helicopter search and rescue task force from fort hood , texas ."
"nasa also asked members of the public to help in its search for debris , but warned people not to touch the pieces because they might be contaminated with toxic propellants ."
"the flight was the th in the shuttle program s years and the th flight for columbia , nasa oldest shuttle which was built in at a cost of about billion ."
the horrific end of shuttle mission sts was a devastating blow to the nation s space program
"the challenger explosion led to a year moratorium on launches , and saturday s accident could bring construction of the international space station to a standstill ."
the shuttle delivers components of the space station to be installed
it also carries crews to and from the station .
the three astronauts now on board the station could return to earth at a moment s notice via a russian vehicle attached to the space station .
six shuttle flights had been planned for five of them to the space station .
the next was scheduled for march .
we trust the prayers of the nation will be with them and with their families .
"a more courageous group of people you could not have hoped to know , said nasa administrator sean o keefe ."
columbia had been scheduled to land at kennedy space center at a . m .
dittemore said there was no indication of any impending threats to the vehicle .
"then there was a loss of data from temperature sensors on the left wing , followed by a loss of data from tire pressure indicators on the left main landing gear"
"columbia , houston , we see your tire pressure messages and we did not copy your last ."
"columbia s commander , rick husband , calmly responds"
"for several seconds , the transmission goes silent ."
"in years of u . s . human spaceflight , there had never been an accident during the descent to earth or landing ."
the american flag next to mission control s countdown clock was lowered to half staff .
"o keefe met with the astronauts families , who had been waiting at the landing site for the shuttle s return ."
"six of the seven astronauts were married , and five had children ."
"clark s brother , daniel salton , monitored columbia s return from his milwaukee home ."
it was his sister s first shuttle flight .
"i m just so glad she got to get up to space and got to see it because that had been a dream for a long time , he said ."
the shuttle is essentially a glider during the hour long decent from orbit toward the landing strip .
"it is covered by about , thermal tiles to protect against temperatures as high as , degrees fahrenheit , degrees celsius ."
columbia s crew had completed plus scientific research experiments during their time in orbit .
"in washington , at least three government investigations will probe the columbia disaster , and nasa s shuttle program director vowed to find the answers so america can continue sending people into space ."
"the investigations will review all the information nasa collected as the spaceship began its descent saturday morning , then started breaking up more than , feet , meters over texas ."
"seoul ap south korea opened a road across its heavily militarized border with north korea on wednesday , the first such connection between the countries in more than five decades ."
the south also said it wanted to take further steps toward reconciliation despite the communist state s defiance over its nuclear program .
"meanwhile in washington , deputy secretary of state richard armitage gave senators the u . s . administration s strongest assurance to date that washington intends to have a direct dialogue with north korea ."
"while hoping for a peaceful solution to the standoff over the north s nuclear ambitions , u . s . ally south korea fears that the tension might escalate into an armed conflict on the volatile peninsula ."
"in a conciliatory move on wednesday , a group of south korean tourism officials and business people traveled to a scenic mountain resort in the north on a recently built cross border road ."
the buses moved slowly along the narrow dirt road to the northern side as snow fell .
south korea s hyundai business group started a money losing cruise to the diamond mountain resort in .
the company hopes the cheaper overland trip will attract more south korean tourists .
the road is the first overland route linking the two koreas since they were divided in .
"the korean war ended in an armistice , not in a peace treaty , and the two countries are technically still at war ."
their border is the world s most heavily fortified .
the road was one of several cooperation projects agreed upon at a historic inter korean summit in .
wednesday s trip was hoped to pave the way for organized tours by south korean tourists .
"leader said that while seoul would not tolerate the north s alleged atomic weapons program , it wanted to move ahead with reconciliation efforts ."
"we can never tolerate north korea s nuclear weapons development , which is a threat to our national security and world peace , but tension should not be allowed to keep rising on the korean peninsula , prime minister kim suk soo said in a speech to the national assembly ."
"south korea , the prime minister said , intends to expand several joint projects before outgoing president kim dae jung steps down on feb ."
"those projects include cross border railways , tourism and an industrial park ."
"in washington on tuesday , armitage testified before a congressional hearing of course we re going to have direct talks with the north koreans ."
it was unclear whether his comments marked a change in u . s . policy .
washington has previously demanded that north korea give up its nuclear ambitions before talks .
"meanwhile , the top u . s . military commander in south korea stressed that the militaries of the united states and south korea must cooperate to cope with the nuclear standoff ."
"the combined forces of the rok us alliance are highly trained , well equipped and superbly led , gen . leon laporte said , adding the south koreans would be consulted about any possible u . s ."
"the rok , or the republic of korea , is south korea s official name ."
"the united states keeps , soldiers in south korea ."
u . s . officials in washington say defense secretary donald h . rumsfeld is considering sending an aircraft carrier to the waters off the korean peninsula and adding bombers in guam .
"the moves are intended to deter the north from provocations during any u . s . war with iraq , pentagon officials said ."
"in a dispatch monitored by south korea s yonhap news agency , the north s official news agency , kcna , said the reported u . s . reinforcements were a serious development that can only be seen on the eve of war , and that our people and military will react with strong self defense measures ."
"north korea s media routinely churn out anti u . s . invective , but it has become more frequent and intense since the nuclear dispute erupted in october , when u . s . officials said the north had admitted having a nuclear program in violation of a pact ."
"as punishment , the united states and its allies suspended oil shipments to north korea in december ."
"the north then took steps to restart a nuclear reactor , expelled u . n . monitors and withdrew from a global nuclear arms control treaty ."
president clinton has won the latest round with opponents of the crime bill .
the house approved the bill but it is still a long way from becoming law .
the duck had a quail s pointy beak and the quail a duck s flat bill .
but university of california scientists who switched birds beaks through a little egg tinkering had more than avian oddity in mind
"the experiment uncovered some of the key cellular players in bird evolution , and may even lead to better understanding of what causes facial birth defects such as cleft palate ."
"it connects back to some of the earliest roots of evolutionary thought , but also connects to very real issues in human medicine , molecular evolutionist michael braun at smithsonian institution s national museum of natural history said after reading the new research ."
birds amazing variety of beak styles is integral to the study of evolution .
"one of charles darwin s most famous observations during his visit to the galapagos islands was that finches were subtly different including their beak size and type depending on where they lived on the chain of pristine , volcanic islands ."
his analysis of such differences later led to his theory of evolution through natural selection .
but just what genes and cells drive those differences remained mysterious .
"beaks all derive from similar looking tissues in very early bird embryos , said jill helms , an orthopedics researcher at uc san francisco ."
"to find out what makes them turn out dramatically different , she and colleague richard schneider picked two birds with unmistakable beaks ducks and quails and tried to get them to grow each other s ."
they took hour old duck and quail embryos from an incubator and drilled small holes in the eggs encasing them .
"using the tiniest of needles , schneider sucked out the cells that seemed to give rise to beaks , called neural crest cells , from duck embryos and replaced them with neural crest cells from quail embryos , and vice versa ."
"taping over the egg hole , researchers let the eggs incubate until they were about days old , halfway to hatching but just large enough to tell what the still forming birds beaks looked like ."
"letting them survive to hatch with beaks they didn t know how to use would have been unethical , helms explained ."
call the result qucks and duails
"the ducks grew pointy little quail beaks and the quails grew that distinctive flat , wide duck bill , the researchers report in friday s edition of the journal science ."
"that means neural crest cells carry species specific programming for beak growth , paul trainor of the stowers institute for medical research in kansas city said in an accompanying science review ."
"the transplanted neural crest cells also altered how the bird s natural tissues and even genes reacted in the presence of the foreign beak , slightly modifying some surrounding facial features and speeding some gene action , trainor noted ."
"together , that makes the cells crucial players in beak evolution ."
"it s an important study , narrowing down the specific pathway that produces birds amazing variety of beaks , agreed the smithsonian s braun ."
"but seeing how these cells direct the development of surrounding tissue has implications far beyond birds , he said ."
"indeed , understanding what causes a beak to develop the way it does could shed light on human craniofacial development , helms said ."
"if people harbor an equivalent to the birds powerful neural crest cells , perhaps surgeons one day could correct a cleft palate before a baby was born with a transplant of the right mouth growing cells , she said ."
"helms equates her experiment to eavesdropping on a conversation between two tissues , as the transplanted cells altered the bird s natural development ."
"once you understand the nature of the dialogue between the tissues , then you can start to think about , when development goes awry , is there a way to correct it , helms explained ."
and the united states is in the thick of the debate .
it isn t even rich against poor .
"space center , houston ap investigators are searching for evidence that a block of ice big enough to damage columbia s wing may have formed on a waste water vent , a problem that plagued an earlier shuttle flight ."
"they also are looking closely at what may be two key pieces of columbia debris a foot centimeter piece of one wing , including an attached chunk of thermal tiles , and a pound kilogram cover of a landing gear compartment , possibly the site ."
"launch , military radar detected an object moving rapidly away from the shuttle ."
"nasa said it is unknown what the object was , but the possibility that it could have been ice from a wastewater vent sent investigators back to a detailed search for evidence that the shuttle may have formed ice throughout its mission ."
"hal gehman , head of a board investigating the columbia accident , said sunday that the object detected near the shuttle could have come from the spacecraft itself and could be ice ."
"space command of the air force , which monitors objects in space , is providing data on the object to the investigators ."
"the waste water vent , which is under the shuttle cabin , in front of the left wing , is used to expel into space both urine and surplus water generated from the shuttle s fuel cell power system ."
"usually the water shoots out into the cold vacuum of space as a spray of crystals , but on at least one shuttle mission , in , the water formed a basketball sized chunk of ice on the lip of the vent ."
"at the time , nasa engineers were so concerned the ice could damage the shuttle wing during re entry that they ordered the astronauts aboard discovery to use the shuttle s robot arm to break off the ice ball ."
"that heavy robot arm , which wasn t necessary for columbia s day science mission , was left off so more experiments could be added , and the waste water vent could not be seen from the cabin by the seven astronauts ."
"nasa spokesman kyle herring said it s possible ice could have formed and not been detected , even though heaters were installed on the wastewater dump valve after the mission ."
"when columbia fired its rockets to drop out of orbit , it could have sent any accumulated ice slamming into the wing where other data suggests there was severe damage to the thermal protection tiles ."
the theory is unproven and is only one of a number of scenarios being probed by engineers .
we re going to let the columbia accident board guide us in terms of their findings about what caused this accident .
tidal wave warnings went up today all the way from hawaii to california to the west coast of canada .
"as far away as tokyo , miles south ."
"tokyo ap with the economy in the doldrums for years and unemployment at a record high , japanese are racking up debts , falling prey to loan sharks and declaring bankruptcy by the thousands ."
"individual bankruptcies soared fivefold in the last five years to more than , in , up percent from the previous year , according to the japanese supreme court ."
and experts say the nation s culture of shame about debts and overall ignorance about the law are a big part of the problem .
"kanamori and other experts say the ballooning problem of deadbeat borrowers has produced a booming business of illegal lenders , some linked with gangsters , who charge outrageous interest rates such as , percent a year , according to police and hound borrowers with threats to wring payments out of them ."
loan sharks are a growing menace in other parts of economically struggling asia as well .
malaysia s parliament is considering tough new laws against illegal moneylenders following a spate of suicides by hopelessly indebted people .
"japanese police say people were arrested last year on charges of operating illegal lenders , but the arrests are believed to be a just small portion of the rampant crime ."
the tokyo police have set up a special team to crack down on yami kinyu or racket lenders .
"in most cases , the victims are average , honest , hardworking people ."
"a salaryman worker or a housewife , they usually start out borrowing a small amount of money to keep up with mortgage payments or bills ."
"but once they miss a payment , they get ensnared in the trap of owing more and end up turning to other dubious lenders only to find themselves deeper in debt ."
"lenders can legally charge up to percent interest in japan , but many exploit people s ignorance about the law and charge far higher interest , such as percent over days ."
"in japan , family ties tend to be strong and the nightmare of bad debts can spread to relatives , who often co sign loans ."
"a year old tokyo consultant , who asked that his name be withheld because he is worried about losing his job , had to declare bankruptcy when he found out that he had co signed more than million yen us million bank loans for his father s machinery business , which eventually went bust ."
"in the battle against cancer , researchers will announce tomorrow that they are now perfecting a simple screening test capable of giving early warning on several types of cancer ."
i m that kind of a person .
"washington ap nasa released what it called the most vivid snapshot of the infant universe ever taken , capturing such stunning detail that it may be one of the most significant scientific achievements of recent years ."
"evidence that answers long standing questions about the age , composition and evolution of the universe was gathered by scientists using nasa s wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe wmap , a satellite orbiting million miles from earth , during a month observation of the entire sky ."
"this picture of the early universe is a gold mine , charles bennett , wmap principal investigator at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt , md . , said after the national aeronautics and space administration released the picture tuesday . the patterns in the picture tell us all kinds of things about the universe ."
"one key finding in the data is that the first generation of stars to shine in the universe ignited much earlier than previously thought only million years after the big bang , the theoretical explanation for the explosion that gave birth to the universe ."
"the image shows the afterglow of the big bang , called the cosmic microwave background radio rays ."
"also , the new portrait pegs the age of the universe at . billion years old , with a small percent margin of error ."
"we have a map of the earliest light of the universe that is complete , and it is stunning to look at , princeton physicist lyman page said ."
"the light seen today as the cosmic microwave radio rays has traveled for more than billion years to reach us , nasa said in a statement . within this light are infinitesimal patterns that mark the seeds of what later grew into clusters of galaxies and the vast structure we see all around us ."
"patterns in the afterglow of the big bang are frozen in place only , years after the big bang , nasa said . at that time , the universe was filled with hot gas heated to , degrees kelvin , celsius ."
"the probe s goal was to establish a map of the universe , making precision measurements to one millionth of a kelvin degree of infinitesimal fluctuations of temperature , known as anisotropy , observed in the universe about , years after the big bang ."
wmap is the result of a partnership between the nasa goddard space flight center and princeton university .
"that s an increase of more than a million from the year before , three out of americans are now living below the poverty line the highest poverty rate in a decade ."
"pyongyang afp north koreans believe they teeter on the brink of war , and a strong hatred of americans invigorates them as they prepare mentally for a possible conflict . i think the u . s . army might attack ."
"they have openly said so , said kim mi gyong , a guide at the victorious fatherland liberation war museum in the north korean capital pyongyang which commemorates the korean war ."
"with the four month old nuclear crisis on the peninsula showing no signs of abating , north koreans are bracing themselves to face an adversary they believe is worse than hitler s troops ."
"the atrocities committed by the u . s . side during the war were worse than those committed by the german soldiers in world war ii , said year old kim thae hwa , who commanded soldiers in north korea s last battle with the united states half a century ago . they dropped germ bombs that afflicted people for years ."
"in the museum , nauseating collections of photos show alleged u . s . war crimes including beheadings , skinnings and torchings ."
one million north korean visitors are exposed to these images of brutality every year as they are taken on tours through the museum s rooms .
"i hate the americans very much but i m not afraid of them , said kim , the guide , a young woman whose tender exterior belies her harsh words ."
"if the u . s . attacks again , we will annihilate the u . s . army , all of them , wipe them off the face of the earth ."
then the north and the south can live together peacefully .
north korea has accused the united states of setting in motion invasion plans by launching a massive arms build up .
"late wednesday the united nations nuclear watchdog , the iaea , referred the nuclear crisis to the u . n . security council , which raises the possibility of sanctions ."
pyongyang has said sanctions would amount to a declaration of war .
kim s remarks mirror official propaganda which says the u . s . military presence in south korea is all that stands in the way of reunification of the long divided country .
"we don t hate the american people but we hate the u . s . army as long as they occupy south korea , said kim the war veteran ."
"a long standing aversion to the u . s . enemy is very much alive among ordinary north koreans and the pyongyang government , under kim jong il , knows how to keep the hatred burning by constant reminders of the u . s . threat ."
"political cartoons in the official newspapers resemble soviet caricatures in the darkest days of the cold war , with american gis depicted in dehumanized robotic form and u . s . politicians portrayed as beer bellied and hysteric ."
"the pueblo , an american spy ship that north korea captured in , is docked on the banks of pyongyang s taedong river and receives hundreds of visitors every day ."
"after seeing this ship i have come to hate the united states , said chong il chul , a pyongyang worker with curly hair and a stern look who was among a group touring the ship ."
the americans are our worst enemy .
they have been causing misfortune for our nation for a long time and they are still doing it today .
"animosity towards the u . s . appears to extend to all levels of society , even affecting the well educated and much traveled who know the outside world ."
one pyongyang resident who said his grandfather was executed by u . s . soldiers in the early stages of the korean war had little love for americans when he went abroad to study .
it s been two years now since the overall national economy began climbing out of the recession .
"behind california s healthy image , the state s been crippled by the loss of more than , jobs ."
"some , jobs created this year , more than half of them in high wage , non manufacturing industries ."
"the job gains are in motion pictures , software , finance , foreign trade , engineering , services ."
california has a long way to go to full recovery
"srinagar , india ap for three generations , bashir khan s family has helped guard the splendid , but endangered , forests in india s northern state of jammu kashmir the himalayan region where pakistan , muslim insurgents and india have waged a bitter battle for decades ."
"khan and the hundreds of other unarmed forest guards are not fighters . for the past years , they have been patrolling the mountain woodlands to protect the forest itself and the wildlife struggling to survive in this battleground ."
"since , government forest department officers have been killed ."
the first fallout of militancy in the state was easy access to weapons .
"hundreds of hectares acres of forest land have been destroyed since , he said ."
"india and pakistan , which both claim all of kashmir , have fought two wars over the territory since they gained independence from britain in ."
about a dozen islamic militant groups began fighting in to separate the jammu kashmir region from india and join it to neighboring pakistan or create an independent state .
there is almost daily gunfire across the cease fire line that divides kashmir between india and pakistan .
"the islamic insurgency , the indian security force actions to subdue it , and a population that is growing despite , deaths in the conflict since have all taken a toll on the beautiful landscape ."
"set in the himalayas at , feet , meters above sea level , kashmir is a green , saucer shaped valley full of fruit orchards and surrounded by snowy mountain ranges ."
about a hundred lakes dot its highlands and plains .
"glacier fed streams flow through the forests , hillsides and over grasslands covered with wildflowers ."
"environmentalists say the indian state of jammu kashmir has lost more than square kilometers square miles out of , square kilometers , square miles of forest cover since ."
waterways have been polluted and wild animals have been killed .
"the kashmiri red deer or hangul , the state animal , has been declared endangered by the world wildlife fund , and only remain alive in protected areas ."
"kashmir s snow leopards are killed for their skin , and by frightened villagers ."
"ibex , himalayan musk deer , the blue bull and migratory birds are also killed in the fighting and by hunters and smugglers ."
stripping the land of old growth forest leaves bare hillsides exposed to heavy rainfall .
"the water rushes down the hills , eroding the loose soil and flowing into rivers and lakes , such as the mirror like dal lake in central srinagar , which is becoming overgrown with weeds and sludge ."
"the dachigam forest is the catchment area for the springs and underground water channels that feed the dal lake , said mian javed , a senior forest official and wildlife warden ."
"with heavy felling of trees in the catchment area , water levels of the lake were dangerously reduced ."
"though percent of smuggling has been curbed , there is still a lot to be done ."
"in the few areas where patrols are possible , trees again cover entire mountainsides ."
but wadoo said that many regions are out of bounds for forest guards because they are close to border areas and security zones .
"my guards cannot patrol in the night because of stringent security in forest areas , but smugglers can smuggle their pack mules on the same routes , he said ."
the increase in human population despite daily deaths in the fighting has combined with overgrazing of livestock and lack of money for conservation and reforestation .
"deforestation and mismanagement of water resources have caused soil erosion , which is responsible for frequent flash floods in jammu kashmir , maqbool said ."
"some lakes and rivers have become polluted , causing disease ."
environmental rejuvenation would take at least years of continuous restoration efforts .
"it takes an hour to cut down a fully grown kashmiri cedar but it takes over years for one to grow to its full size , he said ."
"in the forest department vigorously recommenced reforestation in highly degraded areas , wadoo said ."
"the department has reforested , hectares , acres , planting over million trees ."
people have also become a danger to the forest .
"the social , political and economic turmoil has led to neglect of natural resources ."
"most people who live in kashmir s , square kilometer , square mile forest area one fifth of the indian controlled portion depend on agriculture or livestock breeding ."
"since , the population of jammu kashmir state has increased percent , and forest department officials say it has risen percent in the protected areas ."
"clearing trees for farmland and increased grazing is a major forest endangering practice , wadoo said ."
"in kashmir , six head of cattle graze in two hectares five acres of forest land , although the law permits only one ."
most pastureland is next to forests .
"as villages expand , they push the orchards and grazing land into the forest ."
"wadoo s forest management program calls for village committees to take responsibility for forest preservation , with technical assistance and funds from his department ."
natural regeneration is the best way for forests to grow .
but . . . these regions should be nurtured and protected .
"unless that happens , even effects of nature s healing could be lost , wadoo said ."
"in the early s , the sind valley forests were felled and the mountainsides were bare ."
"but the conservation efforts since bolstered the natural process , resulting in an almost complete cover around the sind valley , wadoo said ."
"the forestry budget of million rupees us million a year is not enough , though , he said ."
"the norwegian government recently promised jammu kashmir s government . billion rupees us . million for a reforestation project , development of grassland and introduction of modern agricultural projects , state finance minister m . h ."
"forest officials say that generous funding could alleviate half their troubles , if it comes ."
we don t know when we will get that money .
"up to now we have only been promised million rupees us , for a pilot reforestation project , wadoo said ."
"people may have lost their concern for forests because there are more pressing agendas , but we have to go on harping until they realize , he added ."
"but amid this squalor , that has been turned into a classy hotel for the desperately poor ."
the idea create a luxurious atmosphere for one specific reason
to inspire residents to get going .
runs the hotel and an office next door that helps residents find jobs .
"hong kong ap eleven year old nicky lee doesn t mince words about the english language , spewing out a tirade in cantonese ."
"it s very difficult , says nicky , who spends several hours a day studying english at school . i hate memorizing grammar , and teachers at my school are so boring ."
"then he sags in relief , because he s getting a break from lessons at a private tutorial center where he comes in the afternoons for even more of the dreaded english ."
"richard hui , , takes another view"
"their dilemmas may sum up the state of language learning in hong kong , where business and government leaders worry that young people are falling into a linguistic limbo ."
"hong kong youths appear to be ending up less than proficient in speaking english , the international lingua franca of business , and in writing chinese , with its thousands of characters to learn ."
"to complicate matters , hong kong s dominant tongue is the chinese dialect of cantonese , which is vastly different from mandarin , the national language of mainland china ."
"officials want to see mandarin more firmly established here , five years after britain handed this former colony back to the motherland ."
"people s standard of english and their standard of chinese , too has been slipping appreciably over or years , says yang ti liang , who was chief justice during british colonial days but now is trying his hand as a volunteer english teacher at a youth center ."
"the year old retired judge says that in the old days , even the lowliest office workers had a reasonable command of english . nowadays , employers have trouble finding employees with enough skill to even answer the phone ."
yang says even some people who can get by in english don t have a good grasp of it .
"he argues , for example , that people used to do much better in picking anglicized names for themselves , which hong kong chinese have long done ."
"he cites a businessman who calls himself star and a woman who named herself polyesta , names he finds a bit too weird for the globalized mainstream ."
"the situation is much more alarming than people are willing to accept , says benjamin tsou , professor of linguistics and asian languages at city university of hong kong ."
"hong kong cannot afford to let its english continue to slide if it wants to continue as a cosmopolitan , international city . as matters stand , there is that danger , and the government ought to act decisively to reverse the trend ."
the city s government is pushing for better english and chinese skills and disputes some of the criticism .
the driver must punch in a code number and blow into the breath analyzer .
"seoul ap seven subway officials were detained monday by police pending issue of arrest warrants in the subway fire that killed at least people last week in south korea , authorities said ."
"police applied to a court for warrants after apprehending the suspects , said lt . choi woong ju of the police department in taegu , where the fire happened ."
the seven are widely expected to face charges of criminal negligence .
"there is no limit on how long the suspects can be detained after a warrant application , but judges usually respond to such requests within hours ."
"police are also seeking warrants for three other people , including two subway officials and the man accused of igniting the carton filled with gasoline that started the blaze , choi said ."
all three were in the hospital with injuries from the fire .
the fire quickly engulfed the six car train and then spread to another train which pulled into the station a few minutes later .
"the actions of train operators who allowed the second train to arrive are being investigated , and police said they will also look into suspicions that the subway corporation tried to cover up or destroy evidence of a possibly bungled response ."
"most of the victims were passengers on the second train whose conductor allegedly fled without opening the doors , leaving victims trapped in the flames ."
"police said that of the six cars in that train , the doors were open on only two of them ."
only bodies have been positively identified .
"many of the victims were burned beyond recognition , and officials said they may need weeks , perhaps months , to identify them by dna tests ."
critics said the tragedy revealed problems with the nation s emergency response system and a potential vulnerability to terrorism .
"had the train been equipped with fire resistant seats and floor tiles , many said , it probably would not have burst into flames ."
and an apparent lack of adequate emergency lighting left victims groping in the dark after the lights went out .
a reno inventor says he can stretch one gallon of gasoline into two .
washington afp iraqi president saddam hussein said in an interview monday that he has no plans to comply with a u . n . demand that he destroy his banned al samoud missiles .
"saddam flatly denied that even his most advanced al samoud missiles violate u . n . restrictions , indicating he does not intend to destroy them or pledge to destroy them as demanded by chief u . n . inspector hans blix ."
"we do not have missiles that go beyond the proscribed range , saddam hussein insisted in the cbs television interview , his first with a u . s . journalist in a decade ."
president george w . bush to join him in a live radio and television satellite linkup to debate the need for war before the world .
"i am ready , said the iraqi president , to conduct a direct dialogue a debate with your president ."
i will say what i want and he will say what he wants .
"this will be an opportunity for him , if he s committed to war , this will be an opportunity to convince the world ."
"this is something proposed in earnest saddam said , out of my respect for the people of the united states and my respect for the people of iraq and the people of the world ."
i call for this because war is not a joke .
"as leaders , said the iraqi president to his u . s . counterpart , why don t we use this opportunity ?"
"there can be no debating the need for saddam hussein to disarm , said white house spokesman scott mcclellan earlier ."
"chief u . n . arms inspector hans blix has given iraq until saturday to begin destroying the missiles , which can carry a warhead of kilograms pounds , as well as component parts ."
blix s demand came after a panel of u . n . weapons experts concluded the al samoud missiles exceed the allowed range of kilometers miles .
"what is serious is saddam hussein s continued defiance of the united nations security council . and on the very day that hans blix said there can be no negotiations over the destruction of his al samoud missiles , saddam hussein again refuses to even acknowledge that the missiles are in violation of the u . n . resolutions , said mcclellan ."
"it is , yet again , further evidence that saddam hussein has not and will not disarm , the spokesman said ."
the comments came as the united states and its allies circulated a draft resolution widely seen as paving the way for military action .
ford calls its high tech system visual engineering . ?
pieces are created in hours instead of weeks and months .
"united nations ap the united nations on wednesday reduced its estimate of the global population in by million , primarily because of the prolonged and worsening impact of the aids epidemic and lower than expected birth rates ."
"at the dawn of the new millennium , the u . n . population division forecast that . billion people would inhabit the earth at mid century but a new revision of the estimate projects a lower population of . billion ."
"about half the million drop in the projected population is a result of an expected increase in the number of deaths , primarily from aids , the forecast said ."
"the other half is due to a reduction in the projected number of births , primarily as a result of lower expected fertility rates in the future ."
"for the first time , the united nations population division projects that future fertility levels in most developing countries will likely fall below . children per woman , the level needed to ensure the long term replacement of the population , at some point in the st century , said the forecast ."
"by , it projects that three out of four countries in less developed regions will have fertility levels below replacement levels ."
"the revision , confirms key conclusions from previous revisions about population growth ."
"despite expectations of lower fertility levels and increased death risks , global population is still expected to increase from . billion today to . billion in , it said ."
"the population division warned , however , that the latest projections depend on ensuring that couples have access to family planning and that efforts to halt the current spread of the hiv aids epidemic are successful ."
"if fertility in all countries remained at current levels , it said , the total population of the globe could more than double by , reaching . billion ."
"but based on the new estimates , the forecast predicts that the population of more developed regions , currently at . billion , will change little during the next years ."
"thirty three countries are projected to be smaller at mid century than today japan losing percent of its population , italy percent of its population , and bulgaria , estonia , georgia , latvia , russia and ukraine between and percent of their populations ."
"by contrast in less developed regions , the population is projected to rise steadily from . billion in to . billion in , according to the forecast ."
"the populations of burkina faso , mali , niger , somalia , uganda and yemen , are projected to quadruple because of expected annual growth rates of more than . percent between and , it said ."
"in the most populous countries , large population increases are expected even if fertility levels are projected to be low ."
"between and , the forecast said eight countries are expected to account for half the world s projected population increase india , pakistan , nigeria , the united states , china , bangladesh , ethiopia and congo ."
"the revision indicates a worsening of the impact of the hiv aids epidemic in terms of disease , deaths and population loss ."
"in the current decade , million people are expected to die of aids in the most affected countries , and that figure is projected to ascend to million by , the forecast said ."
"the deeper reductions in fertility rates projected in the new forecast will result in the faster ageing of the population in developing countries , it said ."
"globally , the number of people over years old will nearly triple from million in to nearly . billion by , the forecast said ."
"whereas of every of those older persons live today in less developed regions , by , of every will do so , it said ."
"one study found that vaccination not only protected day care children against the flu but appeared to protect their non vaccinated siblings as well , presumably because of reduced exposure to the bug at home ."
who are known to be at increased risk of infections
"during the flu season , half of children at day care centers in san diego were vaccinated ."
results showed that the vaccine was percent effective .
another study of healthy adult workers at one company also showed that administration of the vaccine resulted in fewer illnesses .
"carolyn buxton bridges , a medical epidemiologist at the influenza branch of the centers for disease control and prevention , reported on a flu vaccine program involving healthy adult employees ages to at the ford motor co ."
"during the and flu seasons , nearly , participants each year were given the flu shot ."
"because the flu vaccine given in the first season did not match well with the influenza strains circulating at that time , vaccinated employees did not experience fewer illnesses than workers who were not vaccinated ."
"overall , percent of vaccinated workers got sick , compared with percent of the unvaccinated group ."
yet the inoculation program did not result in an overall savings to the company because the expense of the vaccinations was greater than the savings in preventing disease and keeping employees on the job .
flu shots are not generally recommended for healthy people in either of these age groups because they have a low risk of developing life threatening illnesses .
"and with the flu vaccine in shorter supply this year than before , doctors are emphasizing that the shots be offered first to the elderly and other high risk individuals ."
moscow ap the typewritten letters on a yellowing page spell out the end of an era in striking shorthand .
"next to the time p . m . , march , is just a brief entry"
"so ends a medical report detailing josef stalin s last four days , as he lay dying in his moscow dacha ."
"it is part of a new exhibit at russia s federal archives , whose officials hope it will help dispel decades of speculation that the soviet dictator was done in by a kremlin intrigue ."
"if mysteries about stalin s demise persist , they are dwarfed by the conflicting views and emotions that surround his life and his role in the troubled history of a country that seems unable to break his spell years after his death ."
"there may be no other figure in russian history of the last century who has provoked such different evaluations , from fierce hatred to consecration , said historian yuri polyakov , a member of the prestigious russian academy of sciences ."
"for some , stalin was a giant who bore the soviet union on his shoulders to victory in world war ii , hauled it onto the front line of the industrial age and kept ironclad order at home while turning the country into a superpower with the clout to make its cold war foes shudder ."
"he was the best as a chief , as a leader . he lifted the country out of the ruins , said natalya vekshina , , who took her grandson to a separate exhibit , across town , focusing on stalin s cult of personality the propaganda that portrayed him simultaneously as a god and a good guy ."
"we need a leader like him now , vekshina said ."
"larisa tsvizhba , at the archive exhibit , disagreed ."
she said stalin left a sinister mark on the soviet union and stunted its growth by decimating a generation .
when millions of people die for no apparent reason the best people what kind of progress can there be ?
russian officials have said they believe more than million people were victims of communist purges before stalin s death .
more than million are said to have died .
"like many of stalin s ardent admirers , vekshina is from a generation that mostly suffered from the soviet collapse ."
"she lost her engineering job , while her scientist husband is a big man in his field but now he s impoverished ."
but it s not only the elderly who yearn for stalin s strong hand .
"he is the symbol of a healthy nation , said alexei fedyakin , , a political science graduate student who came to see the stalin man and symbol exhibit and wrote a diatribe in the visitors book complaining about material showing stalin in a bad light ."
"those items records of executions , and artwork depicting stalin holding the keys to a prison cell stretching across the soviet union reflect the backlash that came in two waves , one soon after his death and another in the late s , with mikhail gorbachev s glasnost ."
"in , soviet leader nikita khrushchev denounced stalin s cult of personality , and his body was removed from its place next to lenin in the red square mausoleum in ."
"but it was buried nearby , alongside the kremlin wall , and much of the truth about stalin s excesses did not emerge until the gorbachev era ."
"the sharp criticism of stalin that held sway as the soviet union collapsed waned along with the euphoria of russians hoping for a swift , smooth transition to democracy ."
"stalin s star has brightened for those angered by lawlessness , economic uncertainty and their country s decline on the world stage ."
"oleg orlov , head of the human rights organization memorial , said that frustration helped fuel the rise of president vladimir putin , a former kgb colonel who has restored some soviet era symbols and has been careful in his criticism of stalin ."
"putin arrived on this wave on promises of stability and pride for one s country as a great power , and of a restoration of order and a major part of this ideology was pride in the past , orlov said ."
"according to poll results by the public opinion foundation last week , percent said stalin did more good than bad for the country compared to percent who believe the opposite ."
"the organization contacted , respondents across russia on feb ."
no margin of error was given .
"in the visitors book at the man and symbol exhibit , one person mused"
"i wonder , will our country live to see the moment when stalin is perceived as an ordinary person , instead of as either the devil incarnate or the father of the peoples ?"
the power of stalin s personality and the scale of the suffering that marked his rule suggest that s unlikely to happen anytime soon .
"on one wall in the exhibit stands a large diorama presented to stalin on his th birthday , in ."
"inside , a row of dolls marches in red square , bearing a banner reading thank you , comrade stalin , for our happy childhood ."
under glass in another room is a book listing victims of stalin s terror .
"polyakov , the historian , said there is one thing he has never really figured out about stalin"
why he killed so many people .
"there s no answer , he said ."
"slated for release in spring , , black white is the work of lionhead studios , the new developing house founded by pc gaming legend peter molyneux ."
"the creator of such games as populous , syndicate , magic carpet , theme park , and dungeon keeper , he is one of the few ambidextrous game designers ."
"molyneux , who is busily finishing the final stages of black white , took a few minutes to discuss his latest creation with us ."
here is what he had to say
you are working on a game boy version of black
the pc version is designed to take the online portion
"into account , but the game itself is absolutely"
designed to be a single player game .
the creatures are independent of the player ?
what is really fascinating is that you can take a
"creature , one single life , and you can decide what"
completely and utterly yours .
you decide what this
there are three simple ways that you teach your
the second way that he learns is much more
his personality develops just like a child s
"personality develops , by watching you play the game ."
the third way he learns is by you putting this leash on
taipei ap pipi s eyes bulge fiercely when strangers approach the chihuahua dog in the cramped clothing store where her owner works .
but pipi doesn t bark .
"her owner , chen sheng hua , suspects the rescued stray s vocal cords were snipped ."
"when she opens her mouth , nothing comes out , chen says ."
"animal rights activists say they frequently find mute dogs that apparently have been dumped by illegal breeders , who are having trouble selling animals in taiwan s slow economy ."
"in a crowded place like this island , where most people live in apartments or in densely populated towns , unlicensed breeders are tempted to cut dogs vocal cords to keep them from disturbing neighbors and attracting the attention of authorities , the activists say ."
"the mute dog problem is like the stray animal problem , a result of wrong policies , activist shen jung chen says ."
"animal rights groups say the authorities waited too long before taking steps aimed at holding down a big rise in the numbers of stray dogs , such as neutering dogs and registering pets ."
activists have also criticized the public for buying cute little dogs and then dumping them on the streets when they grow big and old .
veterinarian chen chia chun says it s extremely rare for dogs to be born mute .
he suspects pipi lost her vocal cords in a new surgical procedure that doesn t leave a scar .
"in the past , operations to remove a dog s vocal cords left a mark on the outside of the animal s throat , the doctor says . but now vets go straight into its throat through the mouth and remove the vocal cords from the inside ."
"the operation is not without risk , he adds ."
the cutting away of the vocal cords leaves an animal with a higher risk of infection .
"chen says he was asked by phone to perform such an operation once , but turned it down ."
"sometimes people pick up strays to raise at home , but then neighbors complain about the noise , leaving the new owners with the choice of either dumping the dog on the street again or silencing it ."
"however , shen , the animal rights activist , argues private breeders are responsible for nearly all cases rather than traditional pet owners ."
"individuals begin breeding dogs at home for profit , shen says ."
"but because they fear neighbors will complain to the police , the breeders have the animals vocal cords cut ."
"if the illegal breeders think capture is near , they dump the animals in the streets , shen says ."
"only about out of private dog breeders are registered , shen says , adding that pushing for their compulsory registration is one of her group s priorities ."
"in an isolated valley south of taipei , the air is thick with the smell of feces produced by about dogs living in a shelter run by volunteers ."
"there are rows of cages , some sheltered by corrugated metal roofs ."
"pairs of muddy dogs share each cage , and most of them begin barking as soon as they see visitors ."
"mutts are mixed in with english sheepdogs , beagles , dalmatians and other pure breeds ."
"one volunteer , yang hsiang , says that out of the dogs she s responsible for , more than a dozen are mutes , including four that were picked up together ."
there could be more but finding them is difficult because they re drowned out by the deafening barks of hundreds of dogs .
"one of the mutes is nana , a shepherd mix with long ears and long bushy tail ."
"she succeeds in uttering a sound , but it s only a hoarse croak , not the bark or yelp of a big healthy dog ."
yang is worried about the dogs because their numbers continue to multiply while donations are dwindling .
many taiwanese are reluctant to euthanize dogs because it violates their buddhist beliefs .
"the people who bring the dogs are also responsible for paying for the food , she says , but as taiwan s economy has gone into decline , donations are drying up ."
the portents of this disarray were there from the start .
"expropriations and house demolitions proceeded inexorably through the rabin , peres , netanyahu and barak administrations , along with the expansion and multiplication of settlements , military occupation continuing and every tiny step taken toward palestinian sovereignty stymied , delayed , canceled at israel s will ."
this method was politically and strategically absurd .
"occupied east jerusalem was placed out of bounds by a bellicose israeli campaign to decree the divided city off limits to palestinians in the west bank and gaza and to claim it as israel s eternal , undivided capital ."
the million palestinian refugees were told that they could forget about return or compensation .
"with his own corrupt and repressive regime supported by both israel s mossad and the cia , yasir arafat had to rely on u . s . mediation , even though the u . s . negotiating team was dominated by former israeli lobby officials and a president who showed no understanding of the arab islamic world ."
"behind the peace process were two unchanging israeli american presuppositions , both of them derived from a startling incomprehension of reality ."
"second , after seven years of steadily worsening economic and social conditions for palestinians everywhere , israeli and u . s . policy makers persisted in trumpeting their successes , excluding the united nations and other interested parties , bending the partisan media to their wills , distorting the actuality into ephemeral victories for peace ."
"isolated in the united nations and unloved everywhere in the arab world as israel s unconditional champion , the united states and its lame duck president have little to contribute ."
"neither does the arab and israeli leadership , even though they are likely to cobble up another interim agreement ."
the slaughter of palestinian youths goes on while the u . s . officials back israeli brutality or express disappointment at palestinian ingratitude .
"worst of all are the u . s . media , cowed by the fearsome israeli lobby , with commentators and anchors spinning distorted reports about crossfire and palestinian violence that eliminate the fact that israel is in military occupation and that palestinians are fighting it ."
"while the united states celebrates the serbian people s victory over milosevic , clinton and his aides refuse to see the palestinian insurgency as the same kind of struggle against injustice ."
"beijing ap with china s next leaders listening , outgoing premier zhu rongji convened the country s largely toothless legislature on march and outlined the new generation s top goal helping the hundreds of millions of people that years of economic boom and wrenching change have left behind ."
the national people s congress is due to take the next step in a transfer of power to a younger generation .
"on the agenda for the , delegates is the appointment of a successor to year old president jiang zemin ."
"his job is almost certain to hu jintao , , who took over in november as communist party general secretary though jiang will stay on in a key military post and many expect he will continue to play a powerful role in chinese politics ."
the party views china s enduring poverty as both a social crisis and a possible threat to its power .
"leaders worry that rising anger about corruption , stagnant incomes among the million people in the countryside and a growing gap between rich and poor could turn volatile ."
"zhu , , who is set to retire after the congress , made that focus explicit in his minute address ."
"he called for prosperity to be spread to rural china . jobs should be created and a social safety net for the poor , he said ."
"we should continue to take developing agriculture and the rural economy and increasing farmers income as the top priority of our economic work , zhu said , reading from his page report before a backdrop of red flags ."
state television broadcast his comments nationwide .
"nearly a decade in the making , the generational shift to a cadre of carefully groomed party men could become the first orderly transfer of power in china s communist history ."
"they are more cultured , more knowledgeable , they know more about the world , they have more political experience and they are younger , said shanghai delegation member chen chuanwei , sipping tea outside the auditorium where zhu spoke ."
"they are very appropriate to bring us into the new century , chen said ."
"outside , security forces ringed the building and closed adjacent tiananmen square to pedestrians ."
the square became a mammoth parking lot for buses that disgorged delegates in finery ranging from smartly tailored suits of hong kong business executives to traditional robes of ethnic tibetans .
"zhu also called for more radical capitalist style reform , more opening of china s markets to foreign competition and the closure of inefficient companies steps bound to inflict still more pain ."
"he said china should deepen economic restructuring and open still wider to the outside world , creating companies that compete in the global market and taking advantage of its membership in the free trading world trade organization ."
zhu said the government is aiming for percent economic growth this year .
that is the minimum that chinese officials say they need to create jobs for new workers and millions of others laid off in the overhaul of state industry .
the emphasis on rural development is a fundamental shift for the party after years focused on building up export driven industry that brought in hundreds of billions of dollars of investment .
"officials have unveiled ambitious development plans for tibet , xinjiang and other remote , impoverished areas , many of them populated by restive ethnic minorities ."
"but with beijing already running a big budget deficit , many are waiting to see how much it can afford to spend on those efforts in the budget due to be unveiled during the congress ."
"other duties for the congress include naming a successor to zhu , who is expected to hand over his post as china s top economic official to wen jiabao , a longtime protege ."
"after a new president is named , the lone leadership holdout will be jiang himself , who still has his most powerful post as chairman of the party commission that runs china s military ."
"it isn t clear when jiang plans to give up that post , but it too is expected eventually to go to hu , already his deputy on the panel ."
"xu genqu , part of the member people s liberation army delegation to the congress , said jiang should stay on atop the parallel government military commission ."
"this is a very good thing for maintaining the stability of our country , and the stable development of the military , xu said . we hope he will remain there for a while ."
"sledge taylor , , began farming years ago in como , mississippi ."
there were about farmers in town .
now he s one of two .
this is a scenario being repeated in rural communities all over the country .
"department of labor , despite the fact that the country s agricultural exports are expected to grow ."
farming careers are drying up as surely as sun parched crops in this year s drought in the southeast .
"between and , some , farms evaporated from the american landscape ."
corporate factory farms dominate the farm landscape in the united states today .
"farmers fortunes have waned for many reasons , some of them complex ."
"as with other industries in the united states , agriculture has seen consolidation ."
it has affected everything from machinery manufacturers to seed companies .
fewer choices at higher prices for farming necessities .
congress in has also hurt farmers .
"this legislation phased out farm subsidies , while giving farmers more latitude in deciding what crops and how much acreage to use ."
"a farmer s income can fluctuate wildly because of droughts and floods , the price of farm equipment and other factors that affect the amount and quality of his products and the demand for them ."
"the median weekly income of a farmer in was , a little more than , a year , according to the department of labor ."
that s about the same wage as can be made by the average forklift operator .
"a family farmer has a lot more responsibilities , however , than a forklift operator ."
"if he grows crops , he must till , plant , fertilize , spray , harvest ."
an older farmer may be working the land or growing livestock the same way he s done it for years .
those methods may have been taught to him by his father and grandfather .
but they may not be enough to survive in the st century .
another strategy is something called community supported agriculture .
"consumers buy shares of a harvest prior to the planting , freeing the farmer from assuming all the financial risks ."
"each investor has got a piece of that crop , says ted quaday , program director for farm aid , headquartered in somerville , massachusetts ."
we think it s a great system .
"organic farming may also offer promise , especially to younger farmers ."
"the average age of organic farmers is late s , quaday says ."
"and because of environmental degradation , aquaculture is growing in order to meet the demand ."
"taylor , a mississippi farmer is cautiously optimistic that in the long term , family farmers will rebound ."
"new york ap what caused much of broadway to go dark as contract negotiations between theater producers and striking musicians collapsed , silencing virtually every musical ?"
"no negotiations were planned on march , and each side met privately with its own members to assess the situation ."
but both sides couldn t even agree on what they were talking about .
the union insists the fight to keep minimums the number of musicians required for each show is part of a larger battle to preserve live music on broadway .
"the league of american theatres and producers see it in terms of artistic freedom , hiring only the musicians they say they need ."
"and as musicians became convinced the so called virtual orchestras , computer generated music brought in to replace them , wouldn t work well , they hardened their position on minimums and walked out friday ."
what producers didn t expect was that actors and stagehands would refuse to cross their picket lines .
"originally producers proposed the number of musicians required for the large broadway theaters be reduced to seven , a figure they later raised to and most recently to ."
the minimums at those large theaters currently range from to .
"eighteen musicals , from hairspray to the producers to the lion king , are dark through sunday and possibly beyond , the first shutdown of shows in more than years ."
"shutting down these shows has cost about . million per performance in terms of lost box office revenue , or nearly million for all four performances this weekend , according to bernstein ."
picketing took place again saturday in front of theaters before what would have been matinee performances .
"backstreet boy kevin richardson stood with musicians in front of chicago , in which he plays shady lawyer billy flynn , while two stars of the producers , brad oscar and gary beach , were at the st . james theatre with orchestra players from their show ."
"i think we re all surprised and disappointed it s not good for anybody , a glum oscar said ."
"outside the palace theater on th street , home to aida , musicians played on broadway as protesters gathered ."
"later saturday afternoon , musicians carried a black casket and signs reading don t let producers kill broadway during a march up times square ."
"we are trying to let people know that we need live music in these shows , said warren oates , a drummer with thoroughly modern millie ."
"the strike boosted business for those productions , primarily plays , that are still open ."
"the revival of cabaret , the one broadway musical unaffected by the strike because it operates under a special contract , had people in line saturday morning when its box office opened ."
the show was expected to sell out throughout the weekend .
"business was also strong at take me out , the richard greenberg baseball drama ."
"the union has been aggressive in courting public opinion producing audiences surveys saying that theatergoers don t want canned music a term the producers hate , enlisting the support of broadway composers such as jerry herman and john kander , and having performers such as patty duke and audra mcdonald do radio commercials in support of the musicians ."
they were helped by the fact that actors disliked rehearsing with the virtual orchestras .
"we re artists and a machine is a dead thing , said harvey fierstein , star of hairspray ."
"one day after sounding an alert , astronomers said additional data had eliminated any chance that a recently discovered space object would collide with earth in ."
the revised forecast shows the object passing no closer than million miles .
"the faint object , dubbed sg , was the first celestial body to merit a rating higher than zero on the zero to torino scale of impact threats ."
"that may sound like a slight chance by terrestrial standards , but it was a biggie for asteroid watchers ."
but even more prediscovery data on sg came in from the catalina sky survey .
that gave scientists such a good idea of the object s orbit that they could see it would miss earth in .
he said there was still a risk of collision in the time frame .
"however , additional observations of sg between now and then could rule out even those possibilities , he said ."
"based on its brightness , astronomers are guessing that the object is to meters wide ."
"the upper end of that range would put sg on the level of the tunguska meteorite , which flattened a wide swath of siberian forest in ."
"compared with a , ton yield for the hiroshima atomic bomb ."
cuddling may be good medicine for the heart .
"a brief hug and minutes of handholding with a romantic partner greatly reduce the harmful physical effects of stress , according to a study reported over the weekend at the american psychosomatic society meeting here ."
"loving contact before a tough day at work could carry over and protect you throughout the day , says psychologist karen grewen with the school of medicine at the university of north carolina chapel hill ."
"in the study , adults with spouses or long term partners were told to hold hands while viewing a pleasant minute video , then asked to hug for seconds ."
another group of rested quietly without their partners .
then all participants spoke for a few minutes about a recent event that made them angry or stressed .
"typically , asking people to revisit these scenes drives up heart rate and blood pressure ."
"their systolic upper reading jumped points , more than double the rise for huggers , and their diastolic lower also rose significantly higher ."
heart rate increased beats a minute for those without contact compared with five beats a minute for huggers .
"this is the latest of many studies suggesting humans are hard wired to thrive as social animals , says tiffany field of the touch research institute at the university of miami medical school ."
"field s research shows touch lowers output of cortisol , a stress hormone ."
"when cortisol dips , there s a surge of two feel good brain chemicals , serotonin and dopamine ."
her studies in u . s . and parisian cafes show that french couples spend about three times as much time touching as americans .
"comforting physical contact is out of favor among friends and co workers because of the legal climate , she says ."
"if you happen to touch someone at the fax machine , you run the risk of being sued ."
"some studies have indicated that touch among friends might be helpful but doesn t produce nearly as much physical stress relief as contact with a partner , says psychologist kathleen light , co author of the unc study ."
"the findings suggest one reason that isolated , lonely people tend to have poorer health , says ohio state university psychologist janice kiecolt glaser ."
"although ours is a youth oriented culture , older adults may benefit most from touch , she says ."
"the older you are , the more fragile you are physically , so contact becomes increasingly important for good health ."
there is one critical part of the financial system which receives far less attention than it deserves
"over the past years , venture capital has grown far faster than any other financial instrument , soaring from about billion a year to an annual rate of over billion in the first half of ."
"combined with the proceeds from initial public offerings ipos , this astonishing sum of money flowing to new companies is fueling much of the demand for new computers and telecom equipment , supporting the dot . com advertising boom , and supercharging the labor market for tech workers ."
"even more important , by financing the rapid movement of new ideas and new business models into the market , venture capital is dramatically accelerating the rate of technological change ."
that makes venture capital a prime support for the innovation and productivity gains which have characterized the new economy .
"indeed , the lack of an american style venture capital system is one of the main reasons why countries such as france , germany , and japan have lagged behind the u . s . economically in recent years ."
but there s a downside .
"the new importance of venture capital and ipos mean that the new economy , unlike the old economy , is subject to tech booms and tech busts ."
"during the good years , a buoyant financial market makes it easy to find financing for innovative new companies ."
"and the success of these companies , in turn , pushes the stock market higher ."
technological innovation and financial gains feed on each other .
"when the stock market starts to sag , that makes it less profitable to take new companies public ."
"venture capital funds , no longer showing big returns , invest less money ."
the same forces which helped drive the new economy could help push it down .
"as companies slow down the rate at which they introduce new computer and communication systems , they will need fewer information technology workers , turning the current shortages in the current tech labor market into a surplus ."
the pain will hit many of the people who prospered during the high tech boom .
"scientists in italy have discovered , year old tracks that may be the oldest known footprints made by stone age man ."
"the prints were made by three early , upright walking humans as they descended the treacherous side of a volcano perhaps to escape an eruption , researchers reported in thursday s issue of the journal nature ."
"other scientists said that while the prints appear well preserved , they add little to knowledge about human evolution , since footprints of far older human ancestors have been found ."
but they said the tracks are still a sobering testament to long ago journeys across a harsh terrain .
one of the footprint trails zigzags to find the safest path down the steep incline .
"another includes handprints someone left as he steadied himself in a precarious spot , only to slide a short way down the slope ."
"you re looking at an event that happened , years ago someone made an imprint on a surface , walking in a way you d expect to see someone in these same conditions walk today , said owen lovejoy , an anthropologist at kent state university who was not involved in the research ."
it adds another cog in the connect between ourselves and our ancestors .
who left the footprints is not clear .
"but their discoverers suggest either late homo erectus or homo heidelbergensis two early human species found in europe during the paleolithic era , also known as the stone age ."
"footprints left by the upright walking , prehuman species australopithecus afarensis were found in in tanzania , imprinted in volcanic mud . million years old making them times older than the new discovery ."
"the bottom line is that these are interesting curiosities that do not advance our knowledge of what happened when in human evolution , said tim white , a university of california paleontologist who co discovered the most famous australopithecus fossil , dubbed lucy , in ethiopia in ."
"the more recent tracks were found in southern italy s rugged roccamonfina volcano complex , north of present day naples ."
"the footprints makers were short just under feet tall based on the prints size of less than inches in length , the researchers said ."
"the trails were left by three individuals who walked across a cooled but recent volcanic flow of rock fragments , ash and gases ."
"a short time later , the volcano erupted again , blanketing the footprints with a thick layer of ash that preserved them for the ages , said paolo mietto of the university of padua , italy ."
"the tracks show that their owners were descending , not climbing , he said ."
"the idea that these humans were escaping an eruption . . . is attractive , and is supported by the fact that all tracks have the same direction , outwards from the volcano s main crater , mietto said ."
"local residents had long known of the footprints , and referred to them and animal tracks preserved near the volcano as devils trails ."
"mietto said the prints are unmistakably human in origin , as some preserve the foot s plantar arch and individual toe prints ."
"john klensin , a member of the standard setting internet engineering task force and chairman of the internet architecture board urged strict adherence to established processes for developing and testing new internet wide standards ."
verisign has authorized companies to participate in its test of registering internet addresses using non english characters .
registration began last week and tens of thousands of names already have been registered .
"verisign and the other companies are only registering names in chinese , japanese and korean characters and adding them to a database ."
web sites associated with those names will not actually appear in browsers until a later stage in testing .
i m very concerned that no one is interested in a controlled test .
we re doing experimental surgery on a live patient .
"other critics say that because the internet still lacks standards for non english characters , efforts like verisign s are premature ."
"computers on the internet that help users find web sites were programmed with english in mind , and the engineers who try to keep order on the net say many of those machines will not understand new languages without software upgrades ."
"they say tens of thousands of such machines , known as domain name servers , need to be updated ."
"until that happens , web surfers could be blocked from many sites , experts say ."
"aboard the uss carl vinson ap with war planes lining its deck , a u . s . aircraft carrier anchored off south korea on saturday and showed off its military might while north korea warned that the massing of u . s forces in the region increases the danger of nuclear conflict ."
"pyongyang s main state run daily newspaper rodong sinmun said saturday , the u . s . can attack the dprk any moment , using the initials for north korea s official name , democratic people s republic of korea ."
"the u . s . seeks to round off its preparations for a nuclear war against the dprk at its final phase and mount a pre emptive nuclear attack on it any time , it added ."
"pyongyang has objected to joint u . s . south korea military exercises , named foal eagle , which began early this month and will continue till april , saying they are a rehearsal for invasion ."
"meanwhile , south korean president roh moo hyun told his military saturday to prepare in case north korea attempts minor provocations to show hostility during the military exercises , south korean news agency yonhap said ."
roh s office could not immediately confirm the report .
wren said the u . s . warship was here as a show of solidarity with south korea and to provide a deterrence .
"certainly our presence in the region is not in direct response on north korea , but certainly our presence can also be an influence , he said ."
"donald p . quinn , commander of carrier air wing nine , said there are greater tensions , which means we have to be better at what we do ."
"the carrier has aircraft , a fleet of supporting warships and more than , sailors and marines ."
"on saturday , the carrier was moored just outside the breakwater of pusan harbor on south korea s southeast coast ."
the forces were joined by six u . s .
"some time in the next few days , the carl vinson plans to steam up the coast to support a landing exercise by u . s . and south korean marines near the port of pohang , where u . s . troops landed for the korean war ."
"on the other hand , about , students and activists opposing a possible u . s . war against iraq marched through downtown seoul ."
they also accused washington of heightening tensions on the korean peninsula by refusing to directly deal with north korea .
"in recent weeks , north korea has escalated tensions by test firing two short range missiles and intercepting a u . s . reconnaissance plane off the country s east coast ."
"meanwhile , in berkeley , california , north korea s u . n . ambassador met with officials from south korea , the united states , china , japan and the european union for talks aimed at allaying tensions on the korean peninsula ."
"however , no one was appearing as an official representative of a country ."
"we are having a very lively discussion , said yoshinobu yamamoto , a university of tokyo professor and co chair of the conference ."
"the japanese government , meanwhile , has said it is considering strengthening its missile defenses amid reports that north korea is preparing to test a medium range missile capable of reaching japan ."
"south korea s military , however , said saturday it did not believe north korea was preparing to test fire its ballistic missiles ."
tokyo s announcement came a day after japan s defense agency said it had deployed an aegis equipped destroyer which includes top of the line surveillance systems and ship to air missiles in the waters between japan and north korea .
japan s kyodo news agency reported friday that the government was considering sending two more aegis equipped destroyers to the waters in response to the possible threat .
"the korean nuclear crisis flared in october , when u . s . officials said pyongyang admitted having a uranium program . washington and its allies suspended fuel shipments"
"the north retaliated by expelling u . n . monitors , withdrawing from the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and restarting a nuclear reactor that had been mothballed for years under u . n . seal ."
"labelling the commercial sexual exploitation of children a form of terrorism , the united nations child welfare agency unicef has called for a global effort to stamp out the trade ."
"the conference kicks off where the first congress finished five years ago in stockholm , sweden , and with child pornography , trafficking and prostitution on the increase the task has become no easier ."
japanese foreign minister makiko tanaka at the conference called for resolute and immediate action across the globe to combat child sex trade .
she told reuters that commercial sexual exploitation of children was a grave violation of their human rights .
the meeting comes on the heels of a recent unicef report on the commercial sexual exploitation of children profiting from abuse that provides a barrage of statistics and testimonials from victims .
"the report says that in pakistan , based on reported cases alone , a woman or child is raped on average every three hours ."
"from the brothels of bangkok to the sidewalks of manila , the train stations of moscow to the truck routes of tanzania , the suburbs of new york to the beaches of mexico , the outrageous is commonplace , the report said ."
"unicef says it is trying to address the underlying causes of child sexual abuse by working to improve access to and quality of education , raising awareness , and advocating for children s rights ."
the united nations says one million children are drawn into prostitution annually .
"it estimates that , children and women in the philippines , , in india , , in taiwan , , in thailand are subject to commercial sexual exploitation in the region ."
"beijing ap promoting china s future and his own , new premier wen jiabao promised principled , committed leadership on march and said his country must continue its path of reform and elevate rural living standards to keep the future bright ."
"governing china is a project that is extremely demanding . only by reform , opening up and implementing socialism with chinese characteristics can we build a more modern , prosperous china , wen said at his debut news conference in the great hall of the people ."
"wen , , was appointed on march and took office immediately , taking charge of an economy that is jerking forward in fits and starts after two decades of economic restructuring started by the late deng xiaoping ."
he turned to specifics quickly .
"industrial bases in the country s northeast , plagued by unemployment and factory shutdowns , must be tended to as well . unhappiness among farmers and factory workers could pose real problems for china s communist leadership in its efforts to keep hold of power as it opens its economy to capitalist style reforms ."
wen also sought to reassure foreign investors by saying private and public companies would receive identical treatment by the government .
"the government has set a firm policy to develop the nonpublic sectors , wen said ."
"wen s appointment sunday came as part of a generational leadership change that installed the communist party s general secretary , hu jintao , as president ."
outgoing president jiang zemin retained the chair of a powerful military commission and probable continuing influence for years .
"wen replaced zhu rongji , a crusty reformer who helped china extricate its economy from the asian financial crisis ."
"but i am also someone with principle , with determination , with the confidence and courage to take up responsibility ."
"the state controlled media have emphasized wen s connection with ordinary people , showing him communing with wheat farmers , coal miners and rural flood victims ."
"wen himself , in his first remarks , invoked that theme and underscored his focus on china s less fortunate ."
"that experience let me know keenly how hard life could be , said wen , who worked as a geologist in china s hardscrabble gansu province ."
"but that experience filled me with confidence , he said ."
he praised zhu and jiang for their roles in china s recent reform and economic progress .
"our predecessors have laid a good foundation for us , wen said . yet we still face numerous difficulties and problems ahead , which require innovation and creativity as we press on ."
for the past several years we have been hearing about the gargantuan amounts of wealth rapidly accumulated by tech superstars .
it took john d . rockefeller and andrew carnegie a lifetime to become billionaires
"jay walker of priceline . com , pierre omidyar of ebay , and steve case of america online did it in less than five years ."
"what is new is neither affluence nor extravagance , but the number of rich people in america today ."
"the ranks of the rich have swelled so greatly that it is necessary to establish a new category , the super rich , to distinguish between people who can afford to live very well and those whose spending habits are only limited by their imagination ."
"in , if you had a net worth of million you would be considered wealthy ."
"the term millionaire acquired its mystique at a time when the average american was making , to , a year ."
"today to qualify as rich you need million in annual income , or million in net worth ."
"according to the federal reserve board , some , households"
but the big story is not about these people .
"it is about the explosion in the ranks of the affluent class , the people who make more than , a year and have a net worth in excess of million ."
"in , there were fewer than million american families that made , or had , this kind of money ."
"today there are approximately million families , or more than million people who qualify ."
all this new wealth has generated some interesting conflicts .
"recently , the wall street journal published an article titled , even leftists have servants now ."
"it profiled several people , many of them college professors , who are for the first time making six figure incomes ."
"these people have now hired gardeners , pool men , cooks , and nannies ."
most of these servants are blacks and mexicans .
the contortions these academics go through to justify their behavior make for amusing reading .
"political scientist mark petracca , who teaches at the university of california at irvine , says he finally agreed to get a nanny , but he absolutely refuses to hire a gardener , even though everybody else in his neighborhood has one ."
"petracca says , it reeks of a kind of imperial colonialism one can imagine present in shanghai in ."
"the night sky crackled with flashing light and anti aircraft fire , reminiscent of the first gulf war in , as the tomahawk cruise missiles began dropping on baghdad once again ."
"but instead of widespread bombardment , specific targets the main presidential palace , the ministry building and special republican guard strongholds were struck by the second wave of missiles ."
the two buildings were hit almost simultaneously in a day bookended by morning and evening attacks .
"the iraqi military said four soldiers were killed and six others wounded in the day s strikes , during which it said a total cruise missiles were fired ."
"the morning wave of missiles killed one other person apparently a jordanian civilian and injured , the international red cross confirmed ."
"while baghdad was quiet for the rest of the night , air raid sirens were heard before dawn in the key northern city of mosul and , soon after , several large explosions were heard ."
"meanwhile , in southern iraq , allied forces rained artillery and rockets on iraq forces and crossed the border from kuwait ."
"thursday night , iraqi television announcers read a two minute message from saddam that mocked u . s . claims that iraqis would welcome american invaders with open arms ."
"god is greater , god is greater , and may the debased ones be accursed ."
"in baghdad , a witness reported seeing anti aircraft artillery on the roof of the ministry building , which was burning as emergency vehicles rushed to the scene ."
the fire was visible from across the river on the east bank of the tigris .
"on a cool , breezy baghdad night , a thick plume of black smoke climbed into the sky , which was occasionally illuminated by red flares or tracer fire ."
"the presidential palace sits on the west side of the tigris river , inside a vast area that stands as the official seat of power in iraq but is rarely used by saddam ."
the iraqi leader has access to dozens of palaces .
three distinct locations in the center of baghdad were smoking after apparently being bombed .
"as dusk fell on that day , many of those left in baghdad ordinarily a city of million abandoned its normally bustling streets for the safety of their homes , shelters or the countryside , anticipating night attacks ."
"by p . m . local time , there was hardly anyone on the streets and only a few cars speeding off ."
"within minutes , the squawk of air raid sirens filled the air and the second attack was under way ."
"although longer in duration than the barrage that launched the war hours earlier , the bombing lasted barely minutes , hardly on the scale of the bombings ."
"the blast of the air raid sirens resumed once again later , but there was no further attack ."
f and f jets armed with missiles and bombs took off from the uss theodore roosevelt in the eastern mediterranean their targets were unknown .
"pentagon officials have described their war strategy as shock and awe , saying they planned to drop times the bombs in the opening days of the air campaign in iraq than they did in the first gulf war ."
"hundreds of armed members of saddam s baath party were hunkered down in the capital , waiting for the united states to unleash its full might , but there was no indication of when that might happen ."
"on iraq radio , a spokesman said that the first attack of the war had targeted saddam s family home , as well as the homes of his two sons ."
the spokesman condemned the missiles of the reckless criminal bush and his lackeys .
a survey of what people know about aids found that four out of mistakenly believe it is possible to get the disease by sharing a drinking glass or being coughed or sneezed on by an infected person .
"it s scary that so many people are still so ignorant of what causes hiv aids , said marty algaze , a spokesman for the gay men s health crisis ."
"almost years into this epidemic , it s disturbing that people think you could still get it from casual contact ."
"about percent of the more than , participants said it was very likely , somewhat likely or somewhat unlikely that hiv could be transmitted by sharing a glass ."
very unlikely and impossible were the other choices .
forty one percent said transmission is possible by being coughed or sneezed on by someone with the virus .
"between , and , americans have been infected with hiv ."
"melanie thompson , founder of the aids research consortium of atlanta , said the survey underscores that many people still consider aids a gay disease and didn t bother to educate themselves about the facts ."
"major rallies were held in barcelona , where more than , people took to the streets , london , montreal , new york , paris , rome , washington and other major cities in the middle east and asia ."
"in khartoum , a sudanese student was fatally wounded as police tried to hold back hundreds of anti american demonstrators from the u . s . embassy , police said ."
"in the chilean capital , santiago , a bomb exploded outside the branch of a u . s . bank in an act believed to be a protest against the war , police said ."
"there were also disturbances in new york and oslo , reports said ."
an anti war protest outside the british embassy in bahrain spilled over into clashes with police for a second day .
"two people were injured , according to witnesses , as protestors tried to break through a cordon and hurled three petrol bombs at the embassy garden ."
"in barcelona , between , and , people , according to figures given by city hall and organizers , protested against the war , calling for the resignation of prime minister jose maria aznar , one of the strongest pro war allies of u . s ."
"up to , people marched through central madrid , according to organizers , pressing the same anti war , anti aznar case ."
"british prime minister tony blair has also seen a dramatic fall in his popularity because of his support for bush , and tens of thousands took part in a march through central london ."
"police said there were fewer than the huge crowds seen at the last major peace rally , when london experienced its biggest ever street protest ."
"in the west of england , several thousand protesters converged on the raf fairford air force base , used by u . s ."
"b bombers flying to iraq , where they laid flowers at the main gate ."
"more than , anti war protesters demonstrated in rome , milan and other cities in italy , where the war has also been supported by the conservative government but is opposed by the public , according to polls ."
"more than , people filed through the streets of paris and other french cities , organizers said ."
"police said there were , in the french capital ."
"some , germans rallied across the country , police said ."
"about , kurds marched in frankfurt in solidarity with kinsmen in northern iraq and turkey ."
"around , people attended a rally in berlin to denounce a decision by the german government to allow u . s . aircraft to use german airspace and bases ."
dozens of young people clashed with police in oslo during one demonstration .
"about people threw stones , eggs and other missiles at government buildings , police said ."
"when masked youths threw stones near the u . s . embassy , norwegian riot police used tear gas to disperse militants and seven people were arrested ."
"in greece , several thousand people took part in a rally which followed two straight days of demonstration which drew , and over , people ."
"there were up to , protesters in vienna , according to organizers , and two government ministers joined thousands of swedes in their calls for the protection of civilians in iraq ."
"about , people gathered near the u . s . embassy in copenhagen ."
"i m ashamed to be danish , declared teacher jacob lundgaard ."
"the country s parliament has voted to back the u . s . stance , sending two warships to the gulf ."
"in new york , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched from broadway to washington square ."
"media reports estimated up to , people ."
"several dozen people were arrested after refused to go home and clashed with police at the end of the rally , police sources said ."
"in washington , just a few thousand turned out for a rally outside the white house in washington ."
the president was at his camp david retreat for the weekend .
"in montreal , organizers said , people took part in their anti war rally . police refused to give a figure ."
"more than , people demonstrated in egypt ."
"in cairo , university students burned american , british and israeli flags and called for president hosni mubarak to send military support to iraq ."
"in gaza city , nearly , people demonstrated , mostly students from the islamic university , carrying hamas banners as a gesture of support for the main palestinian islamic movement , and iraqi flags ."
"in jakarta , capital of the world s most populous muslim nation , , protestors picketed in front of the u . s . embassy before moving on to the nearby british embassy ."
peace protesters also staged rallies in predominantly muslim bangladesh and pakistan .
you ve planned a trip to paris and can t wait to get to the city of lights .
"when you arrive , it s early morning in paris , but your body feels like it s midnight back home ."
"while you desperately want to check out the eiffel tower , all you can think of is going to sleep ."
"the condition is fundamentally a brain problem that occurs when a person crosses time zones suddenly , which throws the brain s clock out of synch ."
veteran long distance traveler les adams said he found his solution by applying the findings of a scientific study on jet lag to his own travel routine .
"adams said he was inspired by an article in the prestigious medical journal science , in which researchers concluded that light behind the knees might be an effective way to treat jet lag ."
he went to his local hardware store and purchased a couple of mag lights that he uses to shine light on the back of his knees during flights .
"although adams solution gets him a lot of attention during flights , the reasoning behind it may not be that farfetched ."
"the theory is that light hits the blood vessels behind the knee , which kicks off a chemical process that resets the brain s clock ."
"and while scientists need more studies before they endorse adams remedy , they do agree that the best way to reset the brain s clock to adjust to a new time zone is with light ."
"the solution to jet lag . . . the ultimate solution , if you can do it , is total control of light and dark , says sleep physiologist dr ."
he recommends the use of an anti jet lag device that travelers can set to receive a dose of light shining in their eyes while they re in flight .
"for travelers who need to arrive at their destination ready for action , a jet lag pill might be a good solution ."
the pill is actually an over the counter vitamin b supplement known as nadh and marketed as enada .
nadh acts like a spark plug to create energy in cells that may translate into improved brain functions .
"even though it is not a stimulant , it may affect a person s alertness ."
"operators shut down the chernobyl nuclear power plant with the flip of a switch , closing the facility for good years after it spawned the world s worst nuclear accident ."
the simple procedure ended the long and troubled run of the facility that became a synonym for nuclear fears and the dangers of atomic power .
"ukraine president leonid kuchma gave the shutdown order from kiev over a video linkup with the plant , located some miles away ."
"at the chernobyl nuclear power plant , kuchma said ."
"within seconds , a dial showed the reactor s output dropping to zero ."
"the procedure went flawlessly , the plant reported ."
"the shutdown , which followed years of intense international pressure , should erase the danger of future accidents at the plant ."
yet ukraine will suffer the effects of the chernobyl accident for years to come
millions of its citizens are affected by radiation related ailments .
the leaders of this former soviet republic said they were undertaking a historic mission in closing down the last functioning reactor at chernobyl .
the world will become a safer place .
"people will sleep in peace , kuchma said during a ceremony to commemorate the shutdown ."
"the plant s last reactor , the one shut down last thursday , was reactor no ."
it is located in the same building as reactor no .
", which exploded and caught fire on april , , contaminating vast areas of ukraine , russia and belarus and spewing a radioactive cloud over europe ."
the kremlin tried to conceal the accident and delayed evacuation of people from nearby towns for days .
firefighters and other workers who were the first at the destroyed reactor had little or no protection from radiation .
"more than , cleanup workers have died since and , have been disabled by radiation in ukraine alone ."
"about . million of ukraine s million people , including some . million children , are considered affected by chernobyl ."
"many ukrainians , tired of living with radiation scares , were relieved at its closure ."
"to win the top oscar and also took home the most trophies , six ."
"its other awards were supporting actress for catherine zeta jones , and four technical honors including costume design and art direction ."
"world events sparked several emotional highlights , including brody s tearful speech urging prayers for peace and an attack on u . s . president george w . bush and the war by filmmaker michael moore , winner of the best documentary oscar for bowling for columbine ."
small pins inspired by picasso s dove of peace were visible on the lapels and dresses of some people in attendance .
"brody s victory was something of a surprise , as was the awarding of the best director oscar to roman polanski , also for the pianist ."
"polanski , a holocaust survivor himself in his native poland , has been an exile from the united states since fleeing years ago to avoid sentencing for having sex with a year old girl ."
"the pianist also won the adapted screenplay award for ronald harwood , giving it a total of three , while pedro almodovar earned the original screenplay prize for talk to her ."
"chicago came in with a leading nominations , followed by the crime epic gangs of new york with ."
"but gangs was shut out in every category , including best director , where martin scorsese was a sentimental favorite ."
"once a hollywood staple , musicals hit a critical peak years ago with best picture oscar winners that included west side story , my fair lady and the sound of music ."
"in chicago , zeta jones played a jailed vaudeville scamp scheming for celebrity after slaying her husband and sister ."
"due to deliver her second child with husband and oscar winner michael douglas in a few weeks , zeta jones joined co star and fellow supporting actress nominee queen latifah in the oscar performance of i move on , the best song nominee from chicago ."
"my hormones are too way out of control to be dealing with this , zeta jones said after winning ."
"my experience making this film made me very aware of the sadness and the dehumanization of people in times of war , and the repercussions of war ."
documentary winner bowling for columbine is moore s alternately hilarious and horrifying examination of gun violence in america .
we live in a time where we have a man who s sending us to war for fictitious reasons .
kidman s oscar win was a hollywood ending for her after a turbulent couple of years .
"she had a miscarriage in and broke up with husband tom cruise , in whose shadow she had lingered throughout their year relationship ."
"in the hours , kidman played suicidal author woolf , wearing a fake nose to capture the writer s plain features ."
"why do you come to the academy awards when the world is in such turmoil , kidman said ."
because art is important .
"and because you believe in what you do and you want to honor that , and it is a tradition that needs to be upheld ."
"cooper , a veteran character actor whose credits include american beauty and lone star , played a man on a mission to preserve rare orchids in the film loosely based on author susan orlean s the orchid thief ."
"in light of all the troubles in this world , i wish us all peace , cooper said as he received his award ."
"lose yourself , from the film mile starring eminem , won the best song oscar for the rap star and his co writers , jeff bass and luis resto ."
"i think he s going to feel great about the oscar , resto said backstage , after accepting the award for the absent eminem ."
"the oscar for foreign language film went to the german drama nowhere in africa , about a family of jews who leave germany before world war ii and settle on a farm in kenya ."
the japanese fantasy spirited away won the award for animated feature film .
"the movie , which had a limited u . s . release last fall and grossed a modest . million , was a surprise winner against a field of nominees that included million hollywood hits ice age and lilo stitch ."
"abc news twice offered a brief war update , then switched back to the oscars ."
"earlier , demonstrators on both sides of the war issue gathered near hollywood s kodak theatre , site of the oscars ."
"anti war protesters held signs such as bush betrays usa , bush"
"half a block from the area where stars arrived , supporters of u . s . troops in iraq chanted usa , usa , and held a banner reading god bless america ."
planners scrapped the glitzy red carpet arrival festivities .
"and besides wearing peace pins , a few celebrities , susan sarandon and tim robbins among them , showed up in fuel efficient gasoline electric hybrid vehicles instead of limousines as a statement against u . s . dependence on overseas oil ."
"after a few initial references to the war and its effects on the oscars , martin s opening monologue stuck to mocking nominees , other celebrities and hollywood at large ."
"and in a rarity , the show ran just over its allotted hour time ."
"some past oscar shows , including last year s , have topped four hours ."
australian scientists have warned that the reassuring smell of a new car actually contains high levels of toxic air emissions that can make drivers ill .
a study by australia s main scientific body found high levels of toxic emissions in cars for up to six months and longer after they leave the showroom .
"and xylene isomers , a foetal development toxic agent ."
to avoid some exposure to this toxic cocktail people who buy new cars should make sure there is plenty of outside air entering the vehicle while they drive for at least six months .
the two year study of three new cars found anecdotal evidence that drivers were becoming ill when they drove their cars .
"a lawyer reported being ill with headaches , lung irritation and swellings for several days after collecting a new car and driving it for only minutes ."
when he swapped his new car for an month old car he no longer felt ill .
"the study found two new australian made cars had very high levels of volatile organic compounds , up to , micrograms per cubic meter , three to weeks after manufacture ."
"a third car in the study was imported to australia , but four months after manufacture it contained high levels of toxic air emissions , recording , micrograms per cubic meter ."
"seoul ap with opposition growing to the iraq war , south korean lawmakers postponed a vote for a second time on march on a contentiousbill authorizing the dispatch of non combat military personnel to the gulf ."
"the national assembly originally had planned to vote on the bill on march , but postponed it until march before deciding to debate it for two extra days , assembly spokesman kim young il said ."
"president roh moo hyun urged the national assembly and the public to support the bill , saying it is in the country s strategic interest ."
"about , u . s . military personnel are based in south korea to protect it from an attack by north korea , in a legacy of the korean war ."
the test of their ties comes at a sensitive time on the korean peninsula .
the united states has accused communist north korea of developing nuclear weapons and the north has heightened its defenses and accused washington of planning to invade .
"referring to the bill to dispatch troops to iraq , the statement said , there is so little reason to pass the motion and so many reasons to vote it down ."
thousands of south koreans have joined anti war protests in seoul and other major cities in recent days .
embassy to protest the war . put something off until later
there were demonstrations following the murder of the union leader .
ex it would be in your interests to accept .
place somebody in a place from where to work and travel
with one s mind firmly made
ex the police detained him for questioning .
"women have jumped ahead of men for the first time in using the internet to do their holiday shopping , according to a study released tuesday ."
"no longer the domain of young , wealthy white men , the internet has also attracted more minority shoppers , the study said ."
"it shows how mainstream the internet is becoming , said lee rainie , director of the pew internet and american life project , a nonprofit group that authored the study ."
the online world now looks a lot like the off line world .
"rainie said it was only a matter of time before women shoppers caught up with men , because women traditionally control the household s spending decisions ."
"internet users did some of their buying online this year , versus a fifth of them last year ."
"of those , percent were women ."
the study also noted that a third of all online shoppers bought gifts from computers at work .
eleven million first time shoppers spent money online this holiday season .
"last year , percent of american internet users said they had purchased something online ."
"this year , the number rose to percent ."
"measured by income , however , wealthy americans are still the most likely to cyber shop ."
"the study cited cyber shopping increases of percent or more among blacks and hispanics , alongside increases in overall internet use ."
are window shopping
"looking for gifts and comparing prices online , then dashing off to the mall to make the deal ."
"the web site is becoming a promotion piece for the store , said kurt barnard , president of barnard s retail trend report , which covers consumer spending patterns ."
they see the item on the screen and they compare it with others .
"but they want to go and see what it really looks like , maybe touch it ."
"online merchants share some of the credit for the increase , said dan hess , vice president of comscore networks , a research firm that tracks online buying behavior ."
"hess said online stores designed web sites to make shopping easier , while convincing customers of the security of their credit card numbers ."
"it s all about making the shopping experience more efficient , more reliable and more comfortable , hess said ."
"hong kong ap hong kong health officials on march reported more people had fallen ill with a deadly flu like disease , more than half of them in one apartment complex , pushing the number of infections worldwide past , ."
an old hong kong woman became the territory s th fatality .
"earlier , christian and taoist groups in hong kong sought to calm fears through prayer ."
"new cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars , have picked up pace here the past few days ."
at least people have now died of sars worldwide .
"u . s . experts said anyone planning nonessential travel to mainland china , hong kong , singapore or hanoi may wish to postpone their trips ."
julie gerberding warned that the global epidemic continues to expand .
"at least suspected sars cases are being monitored in the united states and in canada , where three people have died ."
"hong kong has now reported cases of sars , although officials also noted that patients here have recovered and been discharged ."
"the year old woman , with a history of health problems , died early on march ."
"hong kong is the second hardest hit place after mainland china , which has reported some cases and deaths ."
the world health organization has expressed concern over the increasing spread of the disease in hong kong .
"thirty six of the new cases of sars came from hong kong s amoy gardens apartment complex , where a victim recently spread the disease and it took hold , according to a health department statement ."
some frightened residents have moved out and medical teams have gone through the apartments to check for sars while some minibus drivers won t stop there anymore .
"between and sars cases have come from amoy gardens , which is located in kowloon bay , a government spokeswoman said sunday night , using customary anonymity ."
"thousands more hong kong people have put on surgical masks , taxi drivers cleaned out their cars , concerts and protests were canceled and the horse racing track in suburban shatin saw its lowest attendance ever as many of the territory s fervent gamblers stayed home ."
"carlo urbani , , an italian who expert on communicable diseases who identified the sars outbreak in hanoi , died on march in thailand where he had been receiving treatment after becoming infected in vietnam ."
"urbani had identified the mysterious disease in an american businessman who had been admitted to a hospital in hanoi , where he later died ."
"the who says the disease is spreading via international travelers , and nations across asia are fighting to contain the illness ."
"taiwan s premier urged citizens on march to postpone visits to china for the traditional ching ming tomb sweeping festival , as the island announced its th sars case ."
thousands of taiwanese had been expected to fly to china this week to worship ancestors and sweep their tombs in the festival saturday .
thailand stepped up monitoring at airports and border checkpoints sunday following the italian doctor s death .
"about a dozen visitors were quarantined , but most were quickly released when it became apparent they did not have sars ."
"sars spread to other countries from hong kong after an infected mainland chinese medical professor passed the illness to seven other people in a kowloon hotel last month and they , in turn , carried the disease to singapore , vietnam and canada ."
hong kong health officials said sunday that a man who came down with the illness had been aboard dragonair flight ka from beijing hong kong on march and they were trying to trace the other passengers and crew to see if they were infected .
"about people from christian churches prayed in a downtown hong kong park , displaying a banner that said don t be afraid , just believe ."
"we hope god will calm those people who are in fears and impress hong kong people to hold on together while going through the difficulties , said a statement from the hong kong christian church council ."
the taoist wong tai sin temple held a six hour prayer session for world peace and an end to the sars outbreak .
"horse racing is a serious passion in hong kong , but just , people showed up for saturday s races in shatin , the lowest figure since the track opened in , the hong kong jockey club said sunday ."
"a week earlier , , had gone to the races ."
sunday s newspapers ran pictures of empty seats and fans in masks .
"canceled or postponed events have included rolling stones concerts in hong kong and mainland china , an anti war rally in hong kong on saturday and a demonstration sunday by foreign maids protesting a wage cut ."
"newspapers reported , staffers in mcdonald s restaurants across hong kong are wearing masks ."
ex has the revolt been contained ?
"an asteroid that could pulverize a country zipped close by the earth last monday , only weeks after astronomers first noticed the big space boulder heading in our direction ."
"the range might seem like enough to breath easy , about , km , but many scientists classify it as a relatively close call ."
"the asteroid , officially known as yb , measures between and meters in width ."
"if such a rock were to smash into the planet , it would unleash the same amount of energy as many nuclear bombs , astronomers estimate ."
the impact would be quite tremendous .
the environmental consequences would be regional but the social and economic consequences would be global .
close encounters with giant space rocks are not uncommon .
"asteroids comparable to yb could strike the earth as frequently as once every , years , peiser said ."
"in much rarer instances , boulders one kilometer or greater in size have smacked into the planet and snuffed out most life forms , much like the km long monster thought to have forced dinosaurs to exit stage left about million years ago , according to scientists ."
"in the year , an asteroid between one kilometer and mile in length is expected pass even closer than yb ."
"having pinpointed its orbital path , scientists dismissed any potential of danger ."
what particularly troubles peiser is that scientists only first spotted yb in early december .
what if it had been heading on a collision course ?
that s not enough time for any initiatives for deflection .
"if we had or years time , then we could develop a technology to deflect an object ."
ap the french player stood on the th tee holding on to a two shot lead in a major championship .
"it may have sounded familiar , but this wasn t the british open ."
"and patricia meunier lebouc , , was about to show she was no jean van de velde ."
"eighth grader michelle wie was never a factor , missing several short putts to finish seven shots back after a final round ."
the year old korean american from hawaii began the day four strokes behind meunier lebouc .
she was three shots back at the turn but putted the par th after hitting the green in two .
"that just brought me down , said wie , who went on to putt the th hole , too ."
"she did , if only because she handled the pressure of being in contention in a major championship for the first time so well ."
meunier lebouc had to overcome an out of bounds tee shot on the third hole with some steady play in the final holes to deny sorenstam s bid to become the first lpga player to win the same major title three years in a row .
"she birdied the th hole to take the lead , then parredputtbogey on the final hole gave her a over and a one shot win over sorenstam ."
"i think i played pretty well all day , wie said ."
"park se ri , who started the day in the third place , tumbled all the way to th after a disastrous over and shots for the tournament ."
"korean american rookie christina kim was th at over , three strokes ahead of gloria park in the nd ."
"kim mi hyun , , finished up in th place at over ."
"along the way , meunier lebouc thought of her th birthday party last fall and the fun she had with friends and family who gathered to celebrate ."
"i was thinking about that night and all the joy i had , she said ."
that s exactly what i wanted to feel on the course .
sorenstam wanted to go for the green on the par th but couldn t after her tee shot on ended up in a fairway bunker .
"meunier lebouc s was there , too , but she wasn t about to make a triple bogey like van de velde did ."
"meunier lebouc did putt the final green , but it didn t matter by that time because sorenstam had missed her last gasp birdie putt of feet from the fringe ."
"i was swinging so hard on that drive , sorenstam said of her tee shot on ."
i had nothing to lose .
it was all or nothing .
"meunier lebouc tapped in to win , got hugs all around and then was carried into the pond by her husband , antoine , as her caddie joined her in a wet celebration ."
"it had to be my husband and caddie in the water with me , she said ."
"she knew it well , after playing her last six rounds with sorenstam and using the knowledge gathered to remain composed under the pressure of playing a final round in a major championship ."
"i was feeling shy until she made the birdie on and took the lead , meunier lebouc said ."
"meunier lebouc eagled the second hole by pitching in , but her celebration turned to disgust one swing later when her tee shot on the third hole went out of bounds ."
sorenstam had won the last two kraft nabiscos and was trying to become the first lpga player to win the same major three times in a row .
"she has wins to just one for meunier lebouc , who won the state farm classic last year ."
"it was sorenstam , though , who cracked , three putting the th hole after taking the lead with a birdie the hole before and then nearly hitting her next shot on the th hole into the water ."
"sorenstam finished with a under for third place , three strokes ahead of rookie lorena ochoa , who shot a final round ."
"it was the second straight week sorenstam had a chance to win , and both times she lost with a final round ."
"sorenstam wasn t all that unhappy with her score , either , though her putter let her down throughout the tournament ."
she missed makable birdie putts on the front nine before finally holing a footer on that tied her for the lead and a footer on that gave her a one shot advantage .
"but just as sorenstam took the lead , she gave it right back ."
"sorenstam putted the th hole and then bogeyed the next hole , despite a fortunate bounce off the rock fronting the green that kept the ball out of the water ."
"there s really no excuse for making bogey that way , she said ."
the world health organization has released a report about how disease weakens the economies of poor countries .
"for years , people believed that good health is a direct result of strong economic development ."
"however , this study suggests the opposite is true ."
it says that strong economic development is an important result of improved health .
an international committee of economists and experts in public health and policy carried out study .
it is based on almost investigations in countries around the world .
some people say the study is the most complete examination to link investments in health care to economic growth .
the study calls for a large increase in foreign aid for health care services in developing countries .
"in the world s richest countries , total spending for health care for each person is almost , dollars a year ."
"however , in the world s poorest nations , spending on health care for each person is only thirteen dollars a year ."
the who says this amount should be increased to dollars a year for each person by .
the money would help poor nations provide treatment for diseases .
it would also provide babies with important health care early in life .
"jeffrey sachs of harvard university in cambridge , massachusetts , led the study ."
he says about eight million lives could be saved each year if the richest nations increased spending on health care in developing countries .
sachs says more than fifty of the world s poorest countries would have a chance to improve the living and economic conditions for their people .
the study links political crises in developing countries to high death rates among newborn babies .
"the report also provides new information about how aids , tuberculosis and malaria affect economic growth in developing countries ."
"the researchers suggest , million dollars be provided each year to help fight these diseases ."
the who plans to send the study to many officials around the world .
"they include heads of state , ministers of finance , health and trade , members of national parliaments and non governmental organizations ."
"it says the report is a valuable guide for future international health programs , policies and financing ."
he flicks a finger across his throat in a threatening knife slash gesture .
"such attempts to intimidate are regular these days from communist troops who face south korean troops and the small number of u . s . soldiers in the demilitarized zone that divides the two koreas , according to u . s ."
south korean troops do their own posturing .
"just meters yards from the north s soldiers in panmunjom , a military village that straddles the border , the south s soldiers stand in taekwondo poses , ready to fight legs apart , arms bent and fists clenched ."
such antagonism along the border has come and gone as tensions have ebbed and spiked on the korean peninsula since the korean war .
"now , its resurgence shows another chill in relations ."
"washington has accused the north of having a secret nuclear weapons program , in violation of a pact ."
"pyongyang says its nuclear development is for peaceful purposes , and that it fears washington will invade north korea once it s done with iraq ."
"president george w . bush has said he wants to resolve the crisis peacefully , but has not ruled out a military solution ."
"earlier this week , the united states said it was keeping stealth fighter jets in south korea after they arrived last month for a training exercise ."
the radar evading f s are capable of taking out the north s yongbyon nuclear plant an attack north korea has accused washington of plotting .
"the korean border is the world s most heavily fortified , with almost million troops deployed on the peninsula , including , americans stationed in south korea ."
"last week , north korea suspended the sole regular contact with the u . s . led united nations command that monitors the korean war armistice ."
"those weekly meetings in panmunjom , though usually quick and businesslike , were an important diplomatic portal used to keep the peace between the two sides , which are still technically at war ."
"in better days such as in , when north and south korean leaders held a summit in pyongyang senior military officers from both sides sometimes relaxed over drinks after their formal meetings , said steve oertwig , a u . s . military spokesman ."
"every now and then , they may have an alcoholic beverage ."
"it s not a big party , oertwig said ."
it s a chance to encourage trust and build a relationship with them .
it s part of being a sociable host .
both sides would toast each other for peace and cooperation on the korean peninsula .
panmunjom was quiet when the ap visited this week .
north korean soldiers stood well back from a small concrete seam in the earth that marks the frontier .
"there was no sign of the threatening gestures mentioned by margotta , head of the local u . n ."
"but northern soldiers peered south through binoculars and cameras , and grimaced at visiting journalists ."
a group of south korean school children on a trip to the zone looked into one of three blue huts used for the talks .
"in the small building , a boardroom table half of it in north korea and half in the south was bare , except for a small u . n . flag ."
the chairs were empty .
two impassive south korean soldiers stood guard .
it s not clear when the meeting hut will again be used or if there will be talks at a higher level to try to defuse the latest tension .
"north korea has repeatedly refused to hold multilateral talks on the nuclear issue , insisting on direct meetings with the united states to negotiate a nonaggression treaty ."
washington has so far refused .
security council plans to discuss the north korean nuclear issue next week .
it sounds almost like a plot line from star trek
a patient s life is saved thanks to a tiny microchip implanted in his body that lets a doctor detect a dangerous condition before it becomes critical .
"researchers are testing an implantable microsensor that can send data to a hand held receiver outside the body , alerting doctors to a potential medical crisis , without using any wires or batteries ."
"they call it a micro electro mechanical systems device , or mems ."
"the doctor would be able to check the condition of a patient s heart , for example , by holding the receiver near the patient rather than putting him through a costly cat scan or surgery ."
jay yadav at the cleveland clinic foundation .
"yadav developed the device with colleagues mark allen and david stern of cardiomems , the atlanta , georgia based company he co founded ."
"allen , a professor of electrical engineering at georgia institute of technology , originally invented the sensor for use in jet engines ."
"if it works , it could provide doctors with an easier way to catch serious problems ."
"the mems has successfully measured blood pressures in a healthy dog , a step doctors call a milestone ."
"next , they will test the sensor in dogs with aneurysms to see how well it performs ."
human trials of the device are also planned .
it might be used in obstetrics to monitor contractions wirelessly
"electrical signals , for instance , or glucose levels ."
"and though a minor surgical procedure would be required to implant the chip , the actual monitoring would be very user friendly , yadav says , requiring no special training ."
"the chip dislodging , or the body having some kind of reaction to the plastic used to make the sensor ."
but they envision few complications .
"the man , who prefers to go by just his first name of mohammed for now , learned of the captured soldier s location when he went to saddam hospital to see his wife , iman , who is a nurse ."
he noticed an unusual number of security personnel ringing the building .
"i decided to go to the americans and tell them the story , he said ."
"lynch , , was seized march along with other soldiers when their supply convoy took a wrong turn as it passed the southern iraqi town of nasiriyah ."
she was rescued nine days later in a mission by u . s . commandos and is recovering from injuries at a military hospital in germany .
telling the americans was no easy matter .
"mohammed walked more than miles out of nasiriyah , through what marines have nicknamed ambush alley , to reach a u . s . military checkpoint ."
a marine asked what he wanted .
"important information about woman soldier , he replied in broken english ."
"at the marines request , he returned twice to get details of its layout , security and lynch s exact position ."
he drew five maps for rescuers .
"twelve solders from lynch s unit , the army s th ordnance maintenance company , a non combat unit based at fort bliss , texas , are missing or prisoners of war ."
two others were killed in the ambush .
"she was lying in bed with a blanket drawn up to her chin , he said ."
"she think i doctor , mohammed recalled of his visit to jessica ."
"i said , don t worry , and she smiled ."
"an iraqi pharmacist at saddam hospital said lynch knew u . s . troops were on the other side of the euphrates river , which is just a mile away ."
greg lynch was already making plans for what happens when his daughter gets home .
"he promised one of the biggest bashes wirt county , w . va . , has ever seen ."
cf the ship slipped into the harbor at night .
"guilt , psychologists like suffolk university professor jane bybee say , is useful , because it gets people to regret the wrong they do , and correct it ."
they feel a sense of remorse over it .
they wish that they could undo it .
"they feel , they ruminate over it , bybee said ."
"one of the markers of a psychopath is that the person doesn t experience guilt at all , she said ."
"serial killer ted bundy , for example , said he felt no guilt after killing people ."
so we want people to feel guilt .
"and as parents , we want our kids to feel guilt"
"not just so they won t grow up to be psychopaths , but because guilt , say the experts , makes you less inclined to cheat , steal , or do drugs ."
research shows kids who have a little guilt are better citizens .
"since a little guilt is good , you would think a lot would be even better ."
but the experts say too much guilt
and not being able to get rid of it
bad parenting can induce that kind of excess guilt .
bybee says relentless criticism of the child rather than the child s behavior creates bad guilt .
what should we do about it ?
"don t tell them what to do , she said , let them figure it out ."
"baghdad , iraq ap under the dust , the imitation french baroque furniture is painted gold ."
the many swimming pools and fountains are bone dry .
almost every room has several televisions .
and the views of the tigris ?
"after bombing saddam hussein s new presidential palace on monday , the u . s ."
saddam built numerous palaces around the country during his rule as a symbol of his power .
the new palace was built recently near saddam s baath party headquarters .
"now half destroyed , the main building was sand colored brick , topped with a blue and gold ceramic tile dome ."
"the first floor and basement are flooded but intact , the third and fourth floors gone ."
"soldiers searched the remaining rooms , apparently once used as living and entertaining quarters , not for administration ."
"they rifled through documents in the many offices , finding ornate boxes of stationery and a portable stereo ."
a lone children s room has four beds .
"ex we searched around for hours , but couldn t find the book ."
ex i marveled at the beauty of the landscape .
ex none of the guests want wants to stay .
ex don t leave the taps running .
"dutch scientists have found that drinking alcohol up to three times daily can almost halve the risk of developing alzheimer s disease , a report has said ."
"the beverage is not restricted to just red wine , which has been reported in the past as helping reduce heart problems ."
drinking a moderate amount of any alcoholic beverage
between one and three drinks a day
helped prevent alzheimer s and other forms of dementia .
"the smaller the amounts of alcohol drunk , the smaller the benefits ."
"heavy drinking , however , which is categorised as more than four glasses a day , diminished the health benefits of moderate drinking ."
"dutch researchers at erasmus university in rotterdam carried out a six year study of , people aged and over who showed no signs of dementia ."
the scientists checked their drinking habits and monitored their state of health .
"by the end of the study , participants had developed alzheimer s or other dementia conditions ."
but those who consumed between one and three drinks a day had a lower risk of developing dementia than non drinkers .
a clear correlation was seen between the level of alcohol consumption and the degree of dementia risk .
volunteers who did not drink every day but had more than one tipple a week had a lower risk .
those who drank less than a glass a week had less risk than teetotallers .
"heavy drinkers were one and a half times more likely than non drinkers to suffer from vascular dementia caused by blocked or narrowed blood vessels in the brain , and slightly more likely to develop alzheimer s ."
"excess drinking destroys the liver , and can be toxic to the brain ."
"alcoholics can end up with a shrunken brain , which is linked to dementia ."
there is even a medical condition called alcoholic dementia .
"researchers suggested the blood thinning and cholesterol lowering properties of ethanol in alcohol may ward off dementia , which is often caused by a blood vessel problem ."
"another possibility , the study speculated , is that low levels of alcohol could stimulate the release acetylcholine , a brain chemical believed to facilitate learning and memory ."
"san francisco ap astounding even veterans of the fight against animal extinction , cloning technology has reproduced two endangered wild cattle , birthed by a cow last week on an iowa farm ."
one of the bulls weighed twice as much as expected and it was euthanized on april .
the procedure that created the bantengs has given conservationists hope that cross species breeding can help reverse the daily disappearance of species and add genetic diversity to dwindling animal populations .
"if it survives , the remaining banteng will be transferred to the san diego wild animal park and encouraged to breed ."
the technology is still fraught with problems and a long way from paying significant dividends .
"the cloned banteng , for instance , won t begin breeding until it reaches maturity in about six years ."
"nonetheless , animal conservationists are excited about the results ."
"in , the zoo began preserving cells and genetic material from hundreds of animals in a program it dubbed the frozen zoo ."
"tissue samples from each animal are stored in small plastic vials , which are submerged and frozen in liquid nitrogen ."
"at the time we did not know how this resource might be used , but we knew it was important to save as much information about endangered species as we could , ryder said ."
"now , that foresight is beginning to pay off with the banteng , a white stockinged animal hunted for its slender , curved horns ."
"fewer than , bantengs exist in the wild , most on the island of java ."
"ryder and his colleagues sent frozen skin cells from a long dead banteng to researchers at the cloning company advanced cell technology in worcester , massachusetts ."
scientists there fused the banteng skin cells with cow eggs that had their genetic material removed .
"another biotechnology company , trans ova genetics of hull , iowa , then implanted the cloned eggs into cows in sioux center , iowa ."
"of the resulting pregnancies , only two came to term last week and one of the bantengs weighed pounds kilograms , about twice as heavy as expected ."
"the researchers euthanized the fatter banteng tuesday , concluding it had little chance to survive ."
this is not the first cross species cloning experiment that resulted in a birth .
"two years ago , a cow gave birth to an endangered cloned wild ox named noah ."
but noah died two days later of dysentery .
all of which underscores the many problems with cloning technology .
"even same species cloning has a high failure rate , and surviving animals are often less healthy than naturally born animals ."
"dolly the sheep , the first cloned mammal , was put to death in february after premature aging and disease marred her short existence ."
the decision to end dolly s life at age about half the life expectancy of her breed was made because she had a progressive lung disease .
others fear scientists will embrace cloning technology at the expense of tried and true conservation practices like habitat preservation and conservation .
"but ryder and others who embrace the technology say they would be remiss to ignore cloning , which can augment , rather than replace , existing methods ."
"despite conservation efforts , habitats around the world are still disappearing quickly ."
"nobody mentions it , but i m sure wildlife is disappearing there ."
dresser s projects include working to impregnate domestic felines with cloned endangered wild cats .
"cloning could be a powerful tool , dresser said ."
"so far , though , she hasn t succeeded in bringing such a cat to term ."
"researchers in china , meanwhile , are working with rabbits as surrogates for cloned pandas , which are about the size of a stick of butter when they re born ."
"genetic material from the woolly mammoth and other extinct animals has never been properly stored in high tech freezers like those at the san diego zoo , so their dna has long since disappeared from the planet ."
ex this creature s natural habitat is the jungle .
"a new state forestry administration survey shows that . million square kilometers of land was desert by the end of , the state run china daily reported ."
"this was a rise of , square kilometers of desert from the first desertification survey in ."
"northern and western parts of china were the most vulnerable , including the autonomous regions of inner mongolia , tibet and xinjiang , and the northern provinces of hebei and shanxi ."
"while global warming may have played some part in the rise , the survey showed that people were responsible for turning . percent , or . million square kilometers , of china into desert ."
"most dry lands in china have been degraded by over cultivation , overgrazing , deforestation , and poor irrigation practices , as well as abnormal weather changes such as persistent droughts , the official xinhua news agency quoted the survey as saying ."
"another , square kilometers of reclaimed land had also turned to desert , the report said ."
the impact of land turning into desert is not restricted to china s borders alone .
"last year , a sprawling asian dirt storm blew across the pacific and sprinkled millions of tons of the gobi and takla makan deserts as far east as florida , making one of the largest north american dust clouds ever recorded ."
such episodes have comparatively little effect on air quality in the united states .
"but the periodic plumes cause major headaches in cities hundreds of kilometers downwind like beijing , blotting out the sun , slowing traffic and closing airports ."
"the eastward winds have long spurred protests from residents of korea and japan , who have faced similar , if milder , dust epidemics from china ."
"the three nations have organized a committee to find a strategy to combat the dust , according to the earth policy institute , an environmental advocacy group ."
"the country s official news agency says that more than chinese cities are suffering from a severe water shortage due to a lack of resources , water pollution and a deterioration of the environment ."
"industrialization has dried up rivers , wells , and springs , affecting the supply of clean drinking water and the irrigation of farmlands ."
"it is estimated that around million people out of china s . billion , drink contaminated water ."
a movie featuring late chinese leader deng xiaoping will be hitting the mainland silver screens this summer .
"nine years in the making and costing . million , a lot by local production standards , the new film aims to cement deng s place in china s history ."
"beijing film productions , in the biographic epic that covers the final years of deng s life , is also attempting to answer some outstanding questions about his legacy to the nation ."
"the film , which has now been officially approved , is scheduled for release on july on the st anniversary of the chinese communist party ccp ."
"current president jiang zemin along with other party and government officials will be portrayed in the movie , which also features more than borrowed red flag limousines , according to local media ."
deng s legacy and the films is also likely to take on particular importance this year as the ccp readies itself for a reshuffle .
the movie plans to show deng s role as chinese premier during the tiananmen square massacre
the film gives a curt treatment of this issue in a scene where deng meets with government officials behind closed doors about the necessity of stamping out the student movement .
"despite the controversy , deng who died at the age of is still officially revered for his contributions to china s development into one of the world s most powerful economies"
an area the movie plans to highlight .
"seoul , south korea ap the korean peninsula has a history of invasions , civil war , and national division ."
"one constant through centuries of tumult was kimchi , korea s famous , fermented vegetable dish ."
"kimchi is so pervasive in the koreas , north and south , that enthusiasts compare it to air and water ."
a museum in seoul satisfies the appetites of those curious to know where it came from and how it evolved .
"near the din and glitter of cinemas , music stores and coffee shops , the kimchi field museum sits in the upscale coex mall , part of a complex that hosted asian and european leaders at a summit ."
the museum first opened in another location of seoul in .
"when you think of korea , and food , you think of kimchi , said rafael delgado , a peruvian who toured the museum on a recent afternoon ."
"the staid displays don t attract droves of youths who have hipper places to go , so there s peace and space to ponder a spicy , healthy dish that is part of korea s heritage , as well as diet ."
"the museum includes a library , a tasting room and a gift shop ."
"experts attribute the first written reference to kimchi to yi kyu bo , a korean poet and government minister who lived from to ."
a copy of an original page carrying his wise words sits in a glass case .
"the leaves of turnip pickled in paste turnip changachi are very good to eat during the three months in summertime and the salted ones turnip chanji are endurable in wintertime , yi wrote ."
kimchi derived from the need to preserve vegetables through the harsh korean winters .
"today , the most popular form of dozens of varieties is made of cabbage and heavily laden with red pepper , salt , garlic and fermented shrimp and anchovies ."
"cucumber , green onion and leeks are also common ingredients ."
"many korean scribes and scientists have traced the history of kimchi or studied its invigorating impact on the body , said curator kim joo hee ."
"she collects theses for the museum , which is owned by pulmuone co . , a south korean company that makes kimchi and other organic food ."
"koreans ate kimchi as far back as the three kingdoms period , prior to the establishment of the unified silla dynasty in a . d ."
"a millennium ago , chefs began to experiment with a wider variety of vegetables , including oriental parsley and indian mustard leaf ."
"a culinary revolution occurred around when koreans started using red chili peppers in kimchi , kim said ."
"koreans liked the zip of garlic , so it was easy to adapt to the new , spicy seasoning ."
portuguese traders brought the peppers to asia and the vegetable arrived in korea during a japanese invasion in .
one historical account says pepper powder was used as a crude form of tear gas during the fighting .
"fiery kimchi seems to match the reputation deserved or not of koreans as headstrong , hot tempered and high tempo ."
"such qualities helped south koreans build one of the world s biggest economies in a few decades , even as totalitarian north korea stubbornly spurned change despite economic ruin and political isolation ."
"north korean kimchi tends to be mild and soupy , while the south korean version is a lot punchier ."
"it s low in calories , and rich in vitamins ."
"another breakthrough for kimchi was in the early s when farmers refined the korean cabbage seed , producing a wider , longer vegetable than the chinese cabbage they had been growing ."
a british resident of seoul once said the red pepper splashed cabbage folds that appear at virtually every korean meal resemble used bandages .
"most koreans don t care how it looks , though ancient kings liked kimchi cooks to cut radishes into small , rigid cubes ."
buddhist temples serve mild kimchi .
"a special , tender version is sometimes served to the elderly , in keeping with confucian respect for seniors and their teeth ."
"some people offer kimchi at memorial services for ancestors who craved the dish , though many don t because the color red is said to scare away ghosts ."
"the museum displays brown , glazed pots used to store kimchi in the ground during fermentation ."
"in the old days , some jars were cut out of logs and lined with oil soaked paper to prevent juice leaking ."
"today , factories mass produce the dish , but nothing matches a mother s homemade kimchi ."
"it s our life , like air , said kim , the curator ."
"the hands of the doomsday clock , a symbolic gauge of the threat of nuclear annihilation , were moved for the first time in nearly four years because of the sept ."
"the bulletin of the atomic scientists , which keeps the clock , set the hands at , two minutes ahead of the time it has had since ."
"stephen schwartz , publisher of the bulletin , said the board originally defined midnight as nuclear war ."
"in recent years , however , it has been redefined as the use of nuclear weapons anywhere on earth , he said ."
it was the th time the clock has been reset since it debuted in .
"george a . lopez , the publication s chairman of the board , said it has never been moved in response to a single event ."
attacks combined with evidence that terrorists were attempting to obtain the materials for a crude nuclear weapon should have served as a wake up call to the world .
he said the world has focused on short term security rather than solving long term problems .
"the international community simply hit the snooze button rather than raising the general alarm , lopez said ."
he said such factors as the concern about the security of nuclear weapons materials stockpiled around the world and the crisis between nuclear powers india and pakistan also figured into the decision .
the clock is a foot square wooden mock up in the magazine s office at the university of chicago .
it was started two years after the bulletin began as a newsletter among scientists of the manhattan project
"in , after the united states successfully tested the hydrogen bomb ."
"it has been as far away as minutes , set there in in a wave of post cold war optimism ."
"paris ap rallying to salvage one of the world s most treasured troves of antiquities , unesco and the british museum on april announced plans to send teams of experts to iraq to restore museums and artifacts ransacked in the aftermath of the u . s . led invasion ."
much anger at the destruction has been directed at u . s . troops who stood by and watched it happen .
"i don t think anyone anticipated that the riches of iraq would be looted by the people of iraq , said u . s ."
"educational , scientific and cultural organization said its team would study the conditions of museums and historical sites , identify ways of restoring them and find potential donors ."
unesco said the team would travel when conditions permit .
about experts were to meet on april for an initial assessment at unesco headquarters in paris .
"unesco director general koichiro matsuura called for immediate action to protect iraqi cultural institutions , including libraries , saying culture can play a key role in the consolidation of the peace process ."
"in london , the british museum said it would also send a team , and it called on the united nations to ban the sale of antiquities looted from iraq ."
"although we still await precise information , it is clear that a catastrophe has befallen the cultural heritage of iraq , said british museum director neil macgregor ."
"we hope that the british government and the international community can move quickly to take the steps necessary to avoid further damage and to prepare the way for recovering objects looted , and for conserving those that can still be restored , he said ."
"after saddam hussein s government fell last week , looters stole and smashed priceless archaeological treasures from iraq s national museum ."
"the museum holds items of incalculable cultural value , perhaps the most famous being the tablets with hammurabi s code one of mankind s earliest codes of law ."
it could not be immediately determined whether the tablets were at the museum when the war broke out .
thieves smashed or pried open row upon row of glass cases and pilfered or just destroyed their contents .
"the museum in the northern city of mosul also was pillaged , and baghdad s national library , which holds one of the oldest surviving copies of the quran , was set afire on monday and apparently looted ."
"nearby , the important library of the religious affairs ministry , home to invaluable religious texts , also was looted and completely gutted by fire ."
"donny george , the director of antiquities at iraq s national museum , told cnn on tuesday that u . s . laxity allowed looters to come back again and again ."
he said he went to the marine headquarters in baghdad three days ago and waited for hours to talk with a colonel about security issues .
"that day he promised that he will send armored cars to protect what s left from the museum , george said . three days ago till now , nobody came ."
"cnn reported glass cutters were found at the museum , indicating that professionals were involved in the looting ."
matsuura of unesco urged american and british forces to take immediate measures to guard iraq s many archaeological sites and cultural institutions .
"he also called on several groups countries bordering iraq , customs officials , police and art dealers to do all they could to block the trading of stolen antiquities ."
"kim soo jinm a year old female college student in seoul , grew up watching hollywood blockbusters , and seeing an american hero take revenge on the bad guys was always fun ."
"she instead has become an ardent fan of locally made films , which she says better reflect korean interests ."
"movie goers , particularly in their teens and s , boosted the domestic market share of south korean films to almost percent last year as they found fresh interest in home grown films ."
"yet it is at home where the trend has been most pronounced , and where the process could go into reverse if a rule demanding a set number of korean language films be shown is dropped under a planned free trade deal with the united states ."
"the top five grossing movies of last year were all home grown and four of them were so called gangster movies , whose blend of violence and slapstick comedy appealed to mainstream audiences ."
"leading the pack , a male bonding movie , friend , pulled in . million people in seoul on a surge of nostalgia from the and something male audience ."
"the market last year grossed an estimated billion won million , up percent from a year earlier , data from the korea film commission showed ."
homegrown content accounted for percent of the market in compared with percent the previous year .
"hollywood films took up about percent of the market share , with the most popular foreign film for the year , the animated ogre and princess comedy shrek , attracting . million viewers in seoul ."
but it is not only commercial films that have made enormous strides over the past few years .
some korean films have become favorites at international film festivals and korean directors have won critical acclaim .
"although it did not win a prize , it was one of the most talked about films at the festival ."
"joint security area jsa , made by young director park chan wook , won the top prize at doville asia film festival in france last year and was released in asia ."
"it attracted about one million viewers in japan last year and raked in , in the first week of its release in hong kong in january ."
"the resolution accused the north korean government of torturing prisoners and performing public executions , as well as imposing severe restrictions on freedom of thought , assembly and women s rights , and restricting freedom of movement inside the country and across its borders ."
it urged north korea to answer all unresolved questions relating to the abduction of foreigners clearly and transparently .
north korea admitted last september it had kidnapped japanese citizens in the s and s to train its spies in japanese language and culture .
the resolution was proposed by the european union and co sponsored by the united states and japan .
"china , india , russia and cuba were among the countries that voted against the resolution ."
"south korea did not vote , while north korea is not a member of the commission ."
"the draft resolution is pursuing political purposes other than human rights , li jong song said ."
"cuba also defends north korea , branding the resolution as geopolitical ."
at the same time we are all aware that the european union is doing this favor once again for its strategic north american ally .
"china backed north korea s argument , charging that the commission was not the right venue for solving the problem of tension over the korean peninsula ."
"india abstained from voting , declaring parts of the resolution reached new levels of intrusiveness in issues which are rightfully the mandate of sovereign states ."
"president george w . bush proclaimed north korea a member of an axis of evil with iran and iraq , saying it was seeking weapons of mass destruction ."
"since then , north korea has pulled out of the international atomic energy agency and has threatened to restart reactors stilled by a u . s ."
bush has said he wants to deal with north korea diplomatically but has not ruled out military action .
more than million in online sales were lost to fraud in .
"and that represented . percent of total annual online sales of . billion , according to gartnerg , a program of business and technology research company gartner ."
online fraud losses for were times as high as fraud losses resulting from off line sales .
and a new survey released by gartnerg shows that adult consumers in the united states are beginning to adopt credit card company solutions designed to protect against online fraud .
"the internet survey of more than , adult united states online consumers was conducted in january ."
"it showed . percent of respondents saying they d been victimized by credit card fraud in , and . percent said they d been victimized by identity theft ."
more than percent of respondents said they re attempting to fight fraud by embracing two new credit card protection systems
"the credit card companies are , however , not yet willing to take the next major step"
"u . s . merchants will , however , continue to pay higher fees for internet transactions , which average approximately . percent vs ."
"consumers are interested in using these new security systems , which can significantly reduce online fraud ."
"the credit card companies should , however , back up their belief in these systems by lowering fees for all merchants who support them , litan said ."
this would guarantee even more widespread adoption .
"seoul , south korea ap north korea has made a conciliatory gesture toward south korea , proposing high level talks after jeopardizing planned negotiations with the united states with confusing claims about reprocessing spent nuclear fuel for possible atomic weapons ."
north korean officials on april telephoned south korean officers at the border village of panmunjom to propose cabinet level talks on april in pyongyang .
south korea has accepted the proposal .
the north called off a similar meeting last week .
"in a message carried by the north korean state news agency , kcna , a pyongyang official stressed the need to resourcefully settle the issue of inter korean relations by the nation itself through national cooperation ."
"north korea often has tried to drive a wedge between south korea and its chief ally , the united states , by dealing with the two nations separately and saying only koreans can resolve tensions on"
"there are , u . s . soldiers based in south korea , and seoul keeps close ties with the united states , though washington tends to take a tougher line on north korea ."
the appeal for talks came after perplexing signals from the isolated north that left officials in seoul and washington wondering just what north korea s intentions were .
"on april , north korea said it was reprocessing thousands of spent nuclear fuel rods at its main nuclear complex in yongbyon ."
"fuel rods are used to power nuclear power plants , and produce tiny amounts of plutonium when used ."
that plutonium can be used to make bombs .
"kcna , in its english language report , quoted a foreign ministry spokesman as saying we are successfully reprocessing more than , spent fuel rods at the final phase ."
"on april , australia s foreign minister alexander downer said he believes the north korean statement was a mistranslation ."
"there were effectively two statements released , one in korean and one in english , downer said ."
australia is one of the few western nations with close diplomatic links with north korea .
"u . s . and south korean officials also said there was no proof that reprocessing had begun , and suggested the vaguely worded original north korean statement may have been mistranslated ."
but the key question remains
"is north korea trying to arm itself with nuclear bombs , or is it just trying to raise the stakes before crucial talks with u . s . negotiators ?"
"we think north korea is trying to gain leverage ahead of the talks , south korea s top security adviser , ra jong il , was quoted by his office as saying ."
"the united states , north korea and china plan to hold talks in beijing as early as next week to discuss pyongyang s suspected nuclear weapons programs ."
"it would be the first opportunity for substantive u . s . discussions with pyongyang since october , when u . s . officials said north korea admitted having a nuclear weapons program in violation of a agreement ."
a senior state department official said on april there is every expectation that the meeting in beijing will go ahead as planned .
"the official , who asked not to be identified , did not elaborate but his comment suggested the administration had concluded that north korea had , in fact , not started reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods ."
"uneasy about pyongyang s nuclear ambitions , washington sought talks that would include not only the north koreans but also their neighbors south korea , japan and china ."
pyongyang insisted on one on one talks with washington but agreed last week to let china sit at the negotiating table .
intelligence experts say reprocessing spent fuel rods will enable north korea to yield enough plutonium to build several nuclear bombs within months .
there has been a severe lack of rain and snow on the east coast of the united states .
the amount of rain and snow that has fallen in the states from maine to florida has been far below normal .
the lack of rain or snow is called a drought .
the east coast states are suffering an unusual drought this winter .
some areas received only a small percentage of the rain they normally receive .
and the drought has continued into the winter .
"normally , drought conditions happen during hot summer weather ."
ground water supplies usually increase in the winter and decrease in the spring and summer .
some officials worry that a dry winter could cause serious water supply problems later in the year .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration studies and reports on weather and ocean conditions in the united states .
the agency says that the east coast drought is a continuing event .
"noaa says the drought is affecting percent of the united states , not including alaska and hawaii ."
"the drought reached its highest level in august , , when percent of the states were affected ."
weather experts say they do not know if there will be more rain or snow in the near future .
their concerns have increased because the recent period from october to january was the second driest ever recorded for the northeastern united states .
the delaware river basin commission controls the water supply used by about twenty million people in the new york city area and nearby states .
that agency has already begun placing limits on the use of water .
drought warnings are in effect in many places on the east coast .
the lack of water has caused some officials to consider ways to store water more effectively .
"now , some officials in new york are considering the same kind of system ."
the state of new jersey already has built some underground storage structures and plans to build more .
"seoul , south korea ap lee jae gun went through north korea s three year training course for spies , which included swimming nonstop for eight hours and scaling hills with a kilogram pound weight on each ankle and a kilogram pound pack on his back ."
returning to south korea to find his son .
lee is one of hundreds of south koreans who the south says were kidnapped by the communist north during decades of cold war enmity .
he was trained in the north as a spy who would be able to infiltrate the south but his first chance to return and begin the search came only through a defection three decades later .
"lee , now , used to be a down and out construction hand in a seoul slum ."
"after his sickly , famished wife died , leaving him with a three month old baby , lee entrusted the boy to a wealthy childless couple and went to sea in at age ."
"working on a trawler s deck was hard and dangerous , but the pay was good ."
"a couple more years , he thought , and he would go home and reunite with his son ."
that plan was shatteredwhen his ship and another south korean trawler were seized by north korean patrol boats near the western sea border in april and taken to the north .
"when north korean boats towed our ships , south korean navy ships gave chase but it was too late , lee said ."
"during the decades of enmity following the korean war , north korea abducted and held against their will more than south koreans , mostly fishermen , according to south korean officials ."
pyongyang calls the allegations a smear campaign .
the fishermen are little known victims of the cold war .
"with international attention focused on pyongyang s suspected development of nuclear weapons , relatives and human rights activists urge their government to work harder to confirm the fishermen s fates and bring them home ."
north korea sent home of the fishermen kidnapped with lee on board the two trawlers .
lee and six young fishermen were kept and trained as spies to infiltrate the south .
now it seemed to lee that the only way to return home was to survive the course .
one slip of the tongue ruined lee s plan to come to south korea as a north korean spy and find his son .
he says he had planned to turn himself in to southern authorities .
"at the end of the three year course , they told me i was ideologically unfit to become a special agent ."
lee was sent to work at a machine tool factory .
lee also determined to give his north korean son a better life .
surveillance on his family slackened in the mid s amid widespread food shortages .
first his north korean wife and son escaped to china in .
months later he followed .
"with the help of south korean activists , lee s family traveled to seoul in ."
lee was the first south korean fisherman in the north to return home .
but his journey has hardly ended .
"lee went to the address of his south korean son s foster parent , but the area in seoul had turned into apartment blocks ."
his efforts to trace the foster parent by his name has also turned up nothing .
"after years , seoul has changed so much i can t tell which street is which , lee said . there is no trace of my son . ex if you park your car here the police may tow it away ."
"the world shipping industry s newspaper , lloyd s list , has decided that from now on ships will lose their femininity and will be referred to as it , not she ."
it is not known how the habit of treating ships as feminine began though it is a custom used mainly in english dominated countries .
some believe it originates from the time ships would be dedicated to a goddess whose figure was carved on the bow .
"although women were considered to bring bad luck at sea , mariners always use the pronoun she when referring to their ships ."
"whether its proper name is masculine , or whether it is a battleship , or a nuclear submarine , a ship is always referred to as she ."
one explanation is that a ship was nearer and dearer to the sailor than anyone except his mother .
vessels are also known to have sister ships .
naval historical center web site says it is customary to classify things as feminine especially those things which are dear to us .
ronald hope says the tradition of referring to sailing vessels as she dates back to the days of ancient greece .
"hope , , a former director of the uk based maritime society , said ships have been she since greek times ."
even as recently as the th century most of the sea shanties referred to them as she and i recall in my youth ships owners always telling stories about why a ship was like a woman .
it s a shame that it is being changed .
"peter goodwin , curator of hms victory at portsmouth , on england s south coast , said"
no ship is exactly the same and all of them have their own characteristics .
"you ask any sailor and they will tell you that you care for a ship , you tend to their needs and sometimes they play you up ."
but they are never an it .
"seoul , south korea ap south korea reported on april its first probable case of sars ."
"the infected person showed a high fever , breathing difficulties and signs of pneumonia , which qualifies him as a probable sars patient , said kim moon shik , head of the national institute of health ."
"however , kim did not rule out the possibility that the patient could have ordinary bacterial pneumonia ."
"the patient , a man in his s , was placed in isolation at a hospital after being found to be sick upon returning from beijing on an air china flight on april , the institute said in a statement ."
"the man had been attending a two month language course in the city , it said ."
four people who were sitting close to the patient have been told to stay home .
"health authorities were searching for three others who were also seated near the man , kim said ."
"for weeks , south korea has been preparing for an outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , which has gripped other parts of asia , especially neighboring china ."
there are some others suspected of having the disease in south korea .
"on april , the government said it will forcibly quarantine people suspected of having sars ."
it expects thousands of south korean students and business executives to return home this week fleeing the respiratory disease in china .
"in pyongyang , a north korean health official said there was not a single confirmed sars case in the isolated country , according to kcna , the north s state news outlet ."
the north korean media was monitored by south korea s yonhap news agency .
"sars has killed more than people worldwide , including more than in mainland china . ex upon arriving home i discover the burglary ."
"ntt docomo s research and development center has taken the first step towards development of a technology that will allow people to talk on the phone without saying a word , the company said ."
"engineers are developing a sensor , which detects signals coming from the muscle movements in the cheek and jaw made when people are speaking ."
"the company hopes to complete the development in five years , wada says ."
this work has been part of ntt docomo s r d investigation into various styles of human interface .
the same r d center has in the past unveiled a cell phone design that used vibrations traveling around the body to deliver an audio signal from a transducer on the wrist to the ear .
"as one of the possible applications , the sensor can be attached to a mobile handset and , with the help of a voice synthesizer , mobile phone users can communicate in silence , wada says ."
"eventually , engineers are also hoping to apply the technology to wireless e mail services so that typing an e mail message will be faster and easier ."
"the agreement between the two koreas was made after four days of talks in pyongyang , north korea s capital ."
"south and north korea will thoroughly consult each other s position on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula and will continue cooperation to resolve this issue peacefully through dialogue , a joint statement said ."
"despite the vow , the joint statement was unlikely to mark a change in attitude by north korea ."
"the north has insisted that the south should not meddle inthe nuclear standoff , calling it a dispute with the united states , according to south korean news reports from pyongyang ."
secretary of state colin powell said the united states was reviewing an offer by north korea to give up its missiles and nuclear facilities in exchange for substantial u . s . economic benefits .
the north koreans floated the proposal in talks with u . s . envoys in beijing last week .
australia s foreign minister alexander downer said on april that he believed north korea exaggerated the capability of its nuclear program to maximize its negotiating position .
he said the claim doesn t reflect our assessment of reality or america s assessment of reality .
"in beijing , chinese foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao questioned the claim that north korea made the assertion ."
"he said that as far as he knew , they have not made such a statement ."
"he added that china , which also participated in the beijing talks , supports the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and also maintains the legitimate security concerns of north korea should be resolved ."
north korea has demanded a nonaggression treaty with the united states .
"the u . s . administration has ruled out such a move , but says some form of written security guarantee could be possible ."
"powell called the beijing meeting quite useful , but later told the senate foreign relations committee that north korea s proposal was not going to take us in a direction we need to go ."
"powell said he and u . s . president george w . bush still believed a diplomatic solution was possible , and that other nations affected by north korea s programs should be involved in the talks ."
"on april , north korea said nuclear talks would be a waste of time if the united states insists that the communist country first scrap its suspected atomic weapons programs before discussing possible economic and diplomatic benefits ."
"it is quite obvious that as long as the u . s . maintains such stand , the two sides will only waste time no matter how frequently they negotiate and such talks will not be of any help to the settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , said a statement in pyongyang s official newspaper minju joson ."
"what is urgent for the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue is for the u . s . to put into practice its will to make a switchover in its hostile policy toward the north , it said ."
bush spoke by telephone with south korean president roh moo hyun on april and agreed to cooperate closely in seeking a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff .
"during the beijing talks , u . s . officials said north korea also claimed it had reprocessed , spent nuclear fuel rods a key step in producing nuclear weapons that could yield several more bombs within months ."
but powell said there still wasn t any evidence that north korea had actually done so .
a maverick fertility specialist is reported to have claimed that a patient is pregnant with the world s first cloned baby .
the newspaper said he made his comments while visiting dubai for a conference on cloning and genetic engineering .
our project is at a very advanced stage .
one woman among thousands of infertile couples in the programme is eight weeks pregnant .
"rudolf jaenisch , professor of biology and a leading cloning scientist based at the whitehead institute at the massachusetts institute of technology , said"
"it is totally outrageous and irresponsible to attempt cloning of humans when we know there is a very high probability of severe abnormalities , even if the baby survived to birth , which is extremely doubtful ."
antinori has previously pledged to attempt to clone a baby by the end of .
"richard nicholson , editor of the uk based bulletin of medical ethics , said he was sceptical of the claim , but said if it was true the baby s future was grim ."
"first of all , to be manipulating human life in this way is intolerable and all civilized countries have banned it or are banning it ."
"secondly , we know the risks of producing hideously deformed creatures and loss of life associated with cloning ."
"it s quite irresponsible , but antinori is a man from whom we expect this kind of behaviour ."
"seoul , south korea ap yoo si min , a newly elected reformist lawmaker , tried something no south korean has ever tried"
taking the oath of office without suit and tie .
it proved an uphill battle .
"here in the assembly , everyone wears the same identical dark suit ."
"i just wanted to wear comfortable clothes when i work , said yoo , ."
"south korea preserves strong conservatism , partly based on confucianism ."
sons inherit businesses from fathers .
most employees at businesses and government agencies address each other by their titles .
"at the end of the day , they are reluctant to leave the office before their bosses ."
"suit and tie is standard attire in most offices , although some businesses began tolerating casual garb"
"political parties are still run as top down organizations , although yoo and other reformists try to break what they call boss politics ."
politicians almost always wear dark suits with white dress shirts and a lawmaker s badge on the lapel .
yoo was a student leader during the country s authoritarian rule and hosted a popular tv talk show .
"although he belongs to a group called korea party for political reform , he is a key ally of president roh moo hyun , who won election last december with promises to engage communist north korea and reform domestic politics . using the internet , yoo campaigned for roh ."
"when yoo showed up for his swearing in on april , he was a cultural shock to many conservative lawmakers , especially those affiliated with the opposition grand national party , which controls the legislature ."
"this is not a night club , one catcaller said ."
is this a market place ?
"said lee won chang , an opposition lawmaker ."
"several lawmakers walked out in protest , accusing yoo of defaming the assembly and mistaking reform for breaking the old , respected practice ."
"despite its solemn image , the national assembly is also a place where rival lawmakers swear at each other and scuffle"
"the rise of internet and a new generation of assertive youths pouring out of schools with voting rights means that it s time for change , yoo said ."
president roh broke the decades old mold when he hired south korea s first female justice minister and ministers younger than their deputies .
"his culture minister , lee chang dong , a former movie director , caused both criticism and praise when he showed up for work and cabinet meetings without ties or in colored dress shirts ."
roh chats and drinks cheap soju liquor with his aides in casual attire something unthinkable for his predecessors .
"yoo was sworn in on april , this time in suit and tie ."
"because of what happened yesterday , two other newly elected lawmakers could not be sworn in , said yoo s spokesman , yang soon pil . yoo doesn t want to embarrass them ."
but yoo said he had hardly changed his view on dress code .
"i don t serve the people with clothes , i serve them with my work at the assembly , yoo said . before giving evidence the witness had to take an oath ."
"a little known san francisco company unveiled a personal computer that crams processor , memory , battery and storage into a package the size of a paperback novel ."
"when the , ultra personal computer hits stores this fall or winter , it will operate as a wireless handheld computer , akin to a palm , oqo inc ."
"or it can be used as a modular pc that connects to a full size keyboard , mouse and monitor to replace a desktop pc ."
"this is a full windows xp computer that fits in your pocket , said colin hunter , executive vice president of oqo ."
most people would prefer to have a computer they can carry around with them all the time .
the inch by inch device runs microsoft windows xp on a processor of up to gigahertz .
"it also bundles megabytes of ram , a gigabyte hard drive , and two wireless networking connections ."
"a docking cable allows it to connect with an external keyboard , mouse and monitor ."
it can also be networked to an existing pc or laptop through an ethernet cable or wireless connection .
"when undocked , the device s battery life is similar to a laptop s , at hours , depending on use ."
oqo is negotiating with electronics companies who could manufacture and market the device .
"a version manufactured and sold under the oqo brand is also possible , a spokesman said ."
"in february , ibm announced it would license technology for a similar device , known as the metapad , to vendors ."
ibm s metapad won t be ready for a few years .
"seoul , south korea ap one of korea s last princes lives out of a two seat van packed with books , laundry and an electronic range ."
he used to sing at night clubs for american gis and sleeps in flophouses .
yet he s so proud of his blood line that he never sheds his clothes in a public bathhouse when others are around .
"if i die , there will be no one left to tell the stories of the last royal family , yi says ."
"south korea is proud of its heritage , which includes the invention of the korean alphabet during the yi dynasty ."
historical dramas about romance and bloody coups at the ancient royal court are a tv staple .
but few in south korea know the names or whereabouts of relatives of the yi dynasty s last king .
koreans accuse the dynasty s last rulers of incompetence and blame them for korea s humiliating year subjugation to japanese rule .
"but with all its achievements and failures , the royal family deserves better treatment ."
"although a few hard core supporters demand that south korea switch to a monarchy , yi considers such demands unrealistic ."
"instead , he believes the government should let him live in a palace , at least as a tourist attraction ."
"the government is not considering yi s request , citing public skepticism ."
"yi seok also wants to build a museum where people learn about the dress , food and rules of etiquette at the royal court ."
"four years ago , he established a national federation for preserving the great korean royal court an organization operating mainly out of his van ."
"he runs a web site and claims thousands of members who are asked to pay at least , won cents a month ."
"your highness , i have always wondered about you . . . now that i know you are alive , i am brimming with tears of happiness ."
"an year old man called me the other day , offering to come up to seoul just to bow before me ."
most are unaware of yi s campaign .
"i both feel sympathy and anger at the last king and his family , said kim jae chun , a taxi driver . i understand why people do not want to think about the subject ."
it s embarrassing history .
yi speaks with a polite yet authoritative tone .
"he wears clean , ironed suits and combs his hair before posing for photos ."
"the yi dynasty crumbled during the reign of yi seok s grandfather , king kojong , when great nations jockeyed for control of korea ."
"rival court factions shifted to chinese , russian and japanese forces and the intrigue led to the assassination of the queen by japanese troops ."
kojong had dozens of grandchildren .
"of them , yi seok is the only grandson living in south korea ."
all his elder brothers are dead .
two younger brothers run auto repair and liquor shops in the united states .
he also has two sisters in the united states and three in south korea .
"a year old son of yi seok s uncle , who was taken to japan as hostage and forced to marry a japanese woman , lives in japan ."
"some royal clansmen consider him the first in line to the throne , but most koreans do not treat him as such , feeling insulted that a korean prince was born to a japanese mother ."
"president syngman rhee , who founded south korea in after korea s liberation from japanese colonial rule , let lee seok s family live in one of the several royal palaces in seoul , but confiscated its vast assets ."
he saw the royal family as a potential threat to his authoritarian rule .
"we still had court ladies who followed me everywhere , yi says with a chuckle . they would plead to me not to run because running was beneath a prince s dignity ."
"according to the court s customs , his mother referred to yi seok as your highness !"
"my high school friends found that strange , he says ."
"when the military rulers in the s deprived yi s family of financial allowances , he worked as a disk jockey ."
"in , he began singing at night clubs , entertaining american gis with such songs as i left my heart in san francisco ."
"an aunt learned about this and she wept and lamented that a korean prince became a clown , but i had to make a living ."
"yi seok enjoyed national fame with a s hit a house of doves , a melodic song about a happy family ."
but he was forced to emigrate to the united states when maj . chun doo hwan took power in a coup in and evicted yi s family from the royal palace .
"overstaying his american visa , yi mowed lawns , cleaned swimming pools and worked as an armed guard in a liquor store in the los angeles area ."
"after securing a green card , he ran his own liquor store ."
he returned home in .
"so i went to my old home , the palace , but guards there would not let me in ."
"i jumped the walls at night to sleep in there , but the place was too damp when unheated , he says ."
yi had three short lived marriages .
"he has two daughters and a son , all born to different mothers ."
recently a sympathetic landlord let yi seok temporarily use a small office .
scattered about are unpacked boxes .
"downstairs , music throbs from the don t tell mama night club ."
ex the weather forms the staple of their conversation .
"it s just that the gap is narrowing , said gerontologist dr ."
"william hazzard , a professor of medicine at university of washington in seattle ."
"by , women outlived men by seven years , and now there is about a five year gap , he said ."
"the happy fact is not that women are losing life , said dr ."
"robert butler , head of the international longevity center ."
"in fact , the centenarian club is still vastly female percent of the , americans age or over are women ."
men are five to six times more likely to have a heart attack than women right up to the age of menopause .
"by the time they hit , the gap has narrowed , but the risk is still percent higher in men ."
"it s not whether they ll die of heart disease , but when ."
and they re dying at an older age .
"similarly , men are disproportionately reaping the benefits of declines in smoking and of eating less fat , especially saturated fat , than or years go , he said ."
"high blood pressure is being diagnosed and treated earlier and again , because men had a greater risk of developing hypertension to begin with , they get greater benefits ."
"no one knows for sure what the maximum lifespan will be , but according to hazzard , the burden is on those that say we ll live to be older than on average ."
that s where the ceiling effect comes in .
"since the average women already lives to be over , while the average man lives to be about , women are slowing in their rate of increase because they are so close to the limit ."
we re already seeing some of the benefits
"less widowhood , fewer elderly people in nursing homes and the increased social support of both spouses being alive longer ."
"as if she wasn t ubiquitous enough , britney spears music will be available this summer on a new type of disc for small handheld players ."
the discs look like cds an inch . centimeters across and are housed in plastic cartridges .
"they can store any kind of data , including video and software and are attractive to the music industry because they are strong on copyright protection ."
"while the format is novel , analysts say getting consumers to adopt it will be a tough sell for consumer electronics and record companies ."
"dataplay inc . , the boulder , colorado , company behind the technology , is counting on prerecorded discs"
"the company s partners include big hardware companies toshiba and samsung , which are planning to make players for the discs ."
"three big music companies , bmg , universal and emi are going to put out music discs ."
dataplay is also making a strong play for the teen age market .
"independent music company zomba records will release discs featuring its roster of stars , including britney spears and n sync ."
"one of the music players , made by evolution technologies inc ."
"the discs will cost about when they are released in stores in early june , with one album of music ready to play ."
"but because the discs pack data densely and the music is compressed using methods similar to that of mp software , each can contain up to five albums of music ."
"the extra disc space can contain videos and lyrics , accessed by connecting a dataplay player to a computer ."
"when connected , a user can also store data on the discs"
"megabytes on each side , for a total slightly less than the megabytes that fit on a cd ."
"data can only be written to the discs , not erased ."
"other partner companies plan to incorporate dataplay discs in digital cameras and small handheld movie viewers , to be released later this year ."
a disc can store a two hour movie at a low resolution suitable for small screens .
"seoul , south korea ap president roh moo hyun will fly to the united states this weekend to tackle two of his toughest hurdles"
resolving the north korean nuclear threat and reducing his country s decades old reliance on the u . s . military .
"roh s weeklong trip , which begins on may , comes amid heightened tensions over north korea s suspected development of nuclear weapons and rising calls in washington for the united states to cut its troops presence in south korea ."
finding a mutually acceptable way of defusing the north korean nuclear crisis will be the key topic of the may white house summit between u . s .
"president george w . bush and roh , both known for being plainspoken about their views on the government in pyongyang ."
"in a meeting in beijing in late april , north korea gave u . s . negotiators a long wish list of political and economic benefits it wants to get in return for giving up its nuclear ambitions , according to u . s . officials ."
washington is reviewing the proposal with its allies in japan and south korea .
"the outline of how we will respond will become clear after the south korea u . s . summit , ra jong il , national security adviser for roh , said on may ."
"since his election last december , roh has tirelessly called for reconciliation with north korea and a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear crisis ."
"bush says he seeks a peaceful solution too , but he pulls no punches when criticizing north korean leader kim jong il , whom he accuses of blackmailing the outside world and starving his people while pursuing weapons of mass destruction ."
u . s . officials have not ruled out the military option .
the nuclear dispute flared in october when washington said north korea admitted running a secret nuclear weapons program in violation of a treaty .
"during the beijing talks , u . s . officials say , north korea claimed it already has nuclear weapons and that it had reprocessed spent nuclear fuel rods for more weapons materials ."
secretary of state colin powell said impoverished north korea can count oncurbs nuclear weapons programs and missile exports as well as other activities such as drug trafficking .
roh s trip to washington comes at a sensitive time in the u . s .
"south korean alliance , forged during the korean war ."
"by october , the pentagon is likely to decide on a major realignment and perhaps a substantial withdrawal of forces in south korea ."
"several months ago , thousands of south koreans held street rallies to protest the deaths of two girls hit by a u . s . military vehicle and call for more south korean jurisdiction over u . s . troops ."
"while tension rose in the nuclear standoff , however , thousands of south koreans also rallied in support of the u . s . military presence ."
"in a tv debate show on may , roh said it was time for south korea to reduce its dependence on the u . s . military ."
"some people seem to think , we will all die if we don t have the u . s . military ."
but roh complained that the united states and south korea were out of step with each other over when to pull back u . s . troops deployed close to the border with north korea .
"the pga tour event last week was won by a south korean , k . j . choi ."
"the first pick in the nba draft this year could well be a foot chinese player , yao ming ."
"the latest pitching sensation in the national league , meanwhile , is a left hander from japan , kazuhisa ishii ."
"ichiro suzuki bashing his way to a batting title and an mvp award last year was just the tip of the tsunami , so to speak ."
"asian athletes are fanning out to make names for themselves in a bunch of games , from golf to hoops to hardball to who knows what ."
"if ishii can throw aspirin tablets in the major leagues , is there any reason why , at some point in the future , another strong armed japanese can t throw touchdown passes in the nfl ?"
"perhaps you ve seen wang zhi zhi , the big bopper from beijing , drain a for the dallas mavericks ."
"or suzuki , formerly of the orix blue wave , leg out a triple for the seattle mariners ."
"three of the top closers , you may have noticed , are south korea s byung hyun kim , japan s hideki irabu and seattle s kazuhiro sasaki ."
"a third japanese pitcher , hideo nomo , has a fine . era with the dodgers , and a fourth , shigetoshi hasegawa , is as a reliever with seattle ."
and have you noticed what s been going on in women s golf ?
"south koreans se ri pak , mi hyun kim and hee won han have been tearing up the tour ."
more asians are on the way .
as choi put it after his conquest in the compaq i believe my victory will motivate the next generation of south korean golfers and challenge them to come to the united states and try out for the pga tour .
"los angeles ap a federal grand jury indicted on may alleged chinese double agent katrina leung on charges that she illegally took , copied and kept secret documents obtained from an fbi agent who was her chief contact and alleged lover ."
"the five count indictment , however , did not charge leung , , with espionage ."
she has been jailed without bond since her april arrest .
he was charged with wire fraud for allegedly filing false reports to fbi headquarters about leung s reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified material .
"leung s indictment was immediately denounced by her husband , kam leung , who noted that a second retired fbi agent has admitted an affair with his wife ."
"i want to emphasize that for over years she was under the strict supervision of the fbi , kam leung told reporters outside their elegant home in wealthy san marino ."
"he added , we all love her and look forward to the day we can welcome her back ."
"defense attorney janet levine said the treatment of her client was insulting , degrading and sexist ."
she denounced the government for portraying katrina leung as a chinese mata hari and said that the woman was convinced to keep working for the fbi even when she wanted to end their association .
"they appealed to her patriotism , her love for this country . . . she was begged by her fbi handlers to stay on ."
she said that at some point the fbi knew that the chinese had identified her as an american agent .
"the fbi played a dangerous game knowing that katrina was the one in harm s way if something went wrong , levine said ."
calls seeking comment from two assistant u . s . attorneys involved in the case were not immediately returned .
"smith s attorney , brian sun , also has insisted on his client s innocence ."
"prosecutors say leung , a valuable fbi source of chinese intelligence for years , was simultaneously passing secret information obtained from smith to china ."
the breach has raised questions about every chinese fbi counterintelligence investigation or operation from to .
"leung , a socialite and political activist , was paid . million by the fbi for her information as an intelligence asset code named parlor maid ."
the indictment against leung charges her with two counts of copying classified documents with the intent to use them to benefit a foreign nation .
the documents were allegedly taken from smith when he visited leung at her home .
"one document contains details of royal tourist , an fbi investigation into peter lee , a trw inc . employee who pleaded guilty to spying for china in ."
another document is described only as a june secret fbi electronic communication .
"the other three charges say leung kept those documents without authorization , as well as another document detailing fbi intercepts of leung s conversations with her chinese intelligence contact , known only as mao ."
"leung faces up to years in prison if convicted on all counts , while smith faces up to years behind bars ."
the indictment against smith stressed the impropriety of the relationship and said the agent should have disclosed it in the reports he filed with fbi headquarters about her .
"leung claimed contacts with some , chinese officials and frequently visited china , where she was often seen with high ranking government officials ."
the fbi said it learned in that she had passed information to a chinese intelligence officer but the matter was left to smith to handle .
"in his subsequent reports to fbi headquarters , smith allegedly vouched for the validity of her information and said she had been verified in part by use of a lie detector ."
"in fact , leung refused to take a lie detector test ."
ex i have a useful contact in new york .
ex we re so much looking forward to seeing you again .
belgium has become the second country in europe after the netherlands to decriminalise euthanasia .
the lower house of parliament passed a controversial bill that gives patients the right to die .
"after two days of heated debate , the lower chamber voted in favour , with abstentions ."
the result is widely expected following approval of the bill by the belgian senate in october .
"everyone has the right to die in dignity , anne mie descheemaeker of the flemish green party told reuters ."
people aren t afraid of being dead but they fear the process of dying .
i m sure that having the option of euthanasia actually gives people the courage to go on day after day .
"martine dardenne of the green party , told reuters before the vote"
people should be given the right to choose .
i don t see why one group should impose its moral view on another .
the netherlands became the first country in the world to allow a patient s right to die when it passed its euthanasia law in april .
the bill allows doctors to kill patients with terminal diseases who are suffering unbearably if they request it .
the belgian law differs from dutch legislation in that it applies to patients older than and sets different procedures for patients who are terminally ill and those who may have incurable diseases but still have years to live .
any patient requesting euthanasia must be conscious when he makes his demand and must repeat his request .
"in the case of someone who is not in the terminal stages of illness , a third medical opinion must be sought ."
every mercy killing case must be filed at a special commission that would decide if the doctors in charge have obeyed regulations .
"the law , under consideration now for more than a year , has divided political parties with the christian democrats staunchly opposed to legislation and the socialist liberal green coalition supporting it ."
we stand against it because it s an extreme law .
"it does not contain any provision against abuse , said yves leterme of the christian democrats ."
some members of the rainbow coalition parties also voiced their objections .
"paralysed , incontinent and unable to speak , she died earlier this week after suffering breathing difficulties and slipping into a coma ."
"seoul , south korea ap hundreds of truck drivers refused to return to work on may despite the south korean government s threat to use the police to end a five day strike that has crippled the world s third busiest port ."
"prime minister goh kun said the strike was seriously damaging the economy because the pusan port handles percent of all container traffic in and out of south korea , the world s th largest economy ."
the people will understand why the government will have to send in law enforcement forces .
"goh said the government will continue to mediate talks , but said it cannot wait long ."
"about , police were on standby ."
"in talks mediated by the government , the korean cargo workers federation and transportation companies met but failed to resolve the dispute over demands by the drivers for higher pay and lower fuel taxes ."
"samsung electronics co . , the world s biggest maker of computer memory chips , said it stands to lose roughly billion won us million in revenue a day if operations in pusan continue to be disrupted by a strike ."
"if this strike is prolonged , it could be a significant problem for samsung and other major exporters , samsung electronics spokesman james chung said ."
"lg electronics , south korea s largest home appliance maker , said some shipments have been disrupted by the strike ."
more than percent of the company s revenue is derived from exports .
about drivers were taking part in the strike .
the action in pusan comes after another group of truck drivers in the major industrial city of pohang ended a weeklong strike on may when transportation companies agreed to raise their fees .
"the strike had caused delivery problems for major steel makers , including pohang based posco , one of the world s largest steel mills , as drivers prevented nonunion vehicles from entering"
"however , if the issue is not resolved through dialogue , and should there be a possibility of a transportation crisis , roh issued an instruction for a strict implementation of law on any violations , said lee hae sung , roh s senior secretary for public information ."
"union members in incheon , a major port city west of seoul , have also threatened to strike beginning monday ."
"scientists have discovered evidence that hordes of dark , miniature galaxies surround ordinary galaxies , lending credence to the theory that the universe is comprised mostly of cold , dark matter ."
"the astronomers , who describe their work in an upcoming issue of the astrophysical journal , based their finding on an in depth study of light from distant galaxies ."
"the lack of observed satellite galaxies around large galaxies has been major point in the prosecution of the case against cold dark matter , said one of the researchers , neal dalal of the university of california , san diego ."
our research can be regarded as a major vindication of the model .
washington ap president george w . bush and newly elected south korean president roh moo hyun agreed on may that the korean peninsula should be nuclear weapons free and that the current standoff with north korea should be achieved through peaceful means .
we re making good progress toward achieving that peaceful
"roh , who in the past has urged the united states against slapping economic sanctions on the north or considering military force , said that he came to his meeting with bush with both concerns and hopes in my mind , but that bush had dispelled the concerns ."
"now i return to korea with only hopes in my mind , roh said ."
"escalatory moves by north korea will only lead to its greater isolation and a more desperate situation in the north , their statement said ."
"it was the first time the two leaders had met face to face , although bush said they had several phone conversations ."
i have found the president to be an easy man to talk to .
"he expresses his opinions clearly and he s easy to understan , bush said ."
bush said they also discussed economic issues .
confidence that south korea will continue to be an engine for economic growth and vitality .
"the two leaders spoke briefly from a podium set up in the rose garden , which was bright with late day sunlight , then turned without taking questions to the residence portion of the white house for dinner ."
"in their joint statement , the two leaders welcomed china s role in hosting a three way meeting last month that included the north and the united states ."
but the statement also suggested that subsequent talks should also include south korea and japan .
"russia and other nations can also play a constructive role ,"
"president roh and president bush reaffirmed that they will not tolerate nuclear weapons in north korea , the statement said ."
"earlier , roh appealed to the united states against any rush to a decision to reposition the , u . s . troops now stationed in south korea ."
his office said in a statement that cheney told roh over lunch that u . s . troops should stay in south korea because they guarantee security in the region .
u . s . officials did not dispute the account .
there have been increasing public demonstrations in south korea against the u . s . military presence .
"years ago , roh demanded that u . s . troops leave but now he is seeking to delay u . s . proposals to move troops away from the demilitarized zone , which separates the two koreas ."
"roh told cheney , i understand the principle and necessity of relocation of american forces in south korea . but , he added , such a realignment of u . s . forces affects korean politics and the economy , according to the south korean statement ."
"there has to be close coordination between the u . s . and south korea on this subject , roh was quoted as saying ."
bush and roh both are emphasizing a diplomatic solution to the north korean nuclear standoff .
"south korea and the united states agree that north korea must not be allowed to have nuclear weapons , but their approaches differ ."
"administration is wary of negotiating with north korean leader kim jong il , with top bush advisers divided internally on whether to pursue a policy of containment or increased dialogue ."
"ex until we d built up sufficient forces to drive the invaders back , we pursued a policy of containment ."
"nasa s mars odyssey spacecraft has reportedly detected water ice under the surface of the red planet , a finding that could be a giant step in exploration of mars ."
"many astronomers believe mars used to have quantities of liquid water on its surface , but they have never agreed on where the water went ."
liquid water is seen as a prerequisite for earth type life on a planet .
underground water ice could be a key to understanding how mars developed and could inform future exploratory missions .
"while full technical details will not be made public until late this week , the detection of sub surface water ice on mars is just what mars odyssey was sent into space to investigate ."
"odyssey is also recording data on radiation in low orbit around mars , to determine any radiation related risk to future human explorers ."
mars is one of the most studied objects in our solar system .
"as earth s next door planetary neighbour , it has the advantage of location and is also thought to be similar in composition to earth , rather than being a gas giant like jupiter ."
"in addition to mars odyssey , the national aeronautics and space administration is also collecting data with the mars global surveyor spacecraft , which has recently taken pictures of dust storms on the martian surface ."
"the movie , arirang , is a remake of a film based on a classic nationalistic tale that depicts korean resistance to japanese colonialists , who occupied the korean peninsula from to ."
it was first made as a silent black and white movie in and then remade several times in both koreas .
but arirang s upcoming debut in pyongyang marks the first time that a south korean movie has been publicly screened in the north since the korean war .
"south korean lee doo yong , who directed the latest film version , said he took his version of arirang to north korea in october , and censors there agreed to screen it in two cinemas in pyongyang from may ."
admission to the movie will be free .
it is set to open in seoul at the same time .
"south korean films have had limited private screenings in the north , but this is the first time one has been released to the public there , lee and a north korean cultural expert with south korea s unification ministry said ."
the film shows the happiness and sadness of life .
it will be good for reconciliation if we can encourage more cultural exchanges like this .
"young jin runs around his rural hometown , attacking all those who work or collude with the japanese ."
"he regains his sanity to battle a japanese spy who tries to rape his sister but later loses his freedom forever , lee said ."
stories about resistance to japanese colonialism are popular in north korea .
"the nation s late founder and first president , kim il sung , led pro independence guerrillas ."
"his son , kim jong il , rules the country today and its state controlled media often publish diatribes accusing tokyo of failing to make amends for its repressive occupation ."
"north korean films have occasionally been screened in the south , though most have flopped at the box office ."
"the first was in with a film called pulgasari , a north korean version of godzilla ."
"though the film was made in the north , its director , shin sang ok , was south korean ."
"he sought asylum in the united states in , shortly before the film was finished , and said he and his wife had been kidnapped and held for several years to make movies for kim"
kim jong il founded a film school in pyongyang that has become a routine stop for the country s few foreign visitors .
"aside from a few movies based on legends , or old stories , most north korean films advertise the totalitarian government and its socialist creed ."
arirang s director lee said he wasn t overly concerned about being kidnapped when he visited the north for a week last year .
but i must admit i was a little nervous when entering pyongyang .
ex we were all set to go when the telephone rang .
ex we must try to curtail our spending .
ex i am not overly impressed by his work .
"millions of computers are being thrown on scrapheaps across europe , creating a high tech hazard for the environment ."
many people across the continent are using more than one computer every day
"at the office , at home or on the move with a laptop or a pocket pc ."
"and as technology develops and the marketing machines go into overdrive , customers are buying better , faster and sleeker machines and discarding the old ones with the rest of the household rubbish ."
a pc has an average lifecycle of just over two years .
"moore s law , named in the s after chip guru charles moore , states that the speed and power of computer processors , powered by silicon chips , doubles every months ."
so any electronic device armed with a chip ages quickly .
"this is good news for computer manufacturers and retailers , but bad news for the green screen lobby ."
many computer users take their old machine straight to the scrapheap because they do not know it could have an afterlife .
but some businesses have gone into recycling .
hardware company dell has a second hand exchange scheme in the united states where customers cover the cost of shipping .
dell wants to extend this to europe .
the european union is also laying out recycling rules for all electronic devices .
it wants manufacturers to be responsible for recycling and take back old machines when they sell new models .
"there are other ways to ensure your computer is given a graceful retirement , including donating it to schools ."
"despite all the efforts , analysts say most computers in europe and america are not recycled but scrapped ."
"in america , the pile of discarded machines would weigh about million tons , says the u . s ."
"new york ap in a flurry of red , white and blue balloons , streamers and confetti , broadway bid goodbye to les miserables ."
"it was an emotional final performance for the musical , which closed on may after more than years and , performances , second only to cats , broadway s longest running show ."
"even before the show reached its stirring finale , the invitation only audience was on its feet and cheering the performers ."
"time for au revoir , producer cameron mackintosh told the audience at the curtain call as he thanked the cast and all the great , fantastic casts we ve had before ."
"the show s authors , alain boublil and claude michel schonberg , as well as its co directors , trevor nunn and john caird , stood beside him beaming ."
"after the curtain call and speeches , some children who had appeared in recent high school productions of les miserables gave mini reprises of the show s better known songs ."
"they were joined on stage by all the performers , including members of the original cast , for one last bow ."
"the english language version of les miserables , which tells the story of jean valjean and his pursuit by the relentless inspector javert , had its premiere in london at the royal shakespeare company s barbican theatre in october and moved that december to the palace theatre , where it is still running ."
success has not been limited to new york and london .
"the musical has played around the world , from asia to australia to south america , grossing more than . billion worldwide ."
"terrorist attacks , ticket sales for the new york show faltered ."
"in the last several weeks , the musical has played to more than percent capacity ."
"the week before its final seven days in new york , les miserables grossed , , filling nearly percents of its seats ."
"in the last few years , the big british musicals have slowly been disappearing from broadway ."
"cats , the andrew lloyd webber feline extravaganza , folded in after years and , performances . miss saigon , another boublil schonberg show , closed in january after a year run ."
ex the performers took their curtain call .
"next week , a traditional national council called a loya jirga will meet in the capital of afghanistan , kabul ."
"about , delegates will choose a new leader for afghanistan and a temporary government ."
the loya jirga tradition began hundreds of years ago .
"tribal leaders from all over afghanistan would be called together to accept or reject national policies , to settle disputes between tribes or to consider new constitutions ."
most loya jirgas in the past have been all male .
the loya jirga is a temporary decision making group .
it is not a permanent part of the afghan government .
the loya jirga is a representative process although it is not considered fully democratic .
representatives of the most honored or most powerful afghan families choose the people who elect loya jirga members .
the current loya jirga process began in december of last year .
afghan groups agreed to set up a six month government following the ousting of taleban rulers .
that agreement also called for an emergency loya jirga to be held at the end of the six month term to appoint a longer term temporary government .
"in january , afghanistan appointed an independent committee to establish rules and methods for the loya jirga ."
the committee had to decide on a process for choosing loya jirga members .
it also had to make sure that women and minorities had representation on the loya jirga .
seats were guaranteed for female delegates .
the process of choosing loya jirga members has gone through several steps .
the number of electors for an area was based on population .
"then , last week , the electors went to kandahar for the final voting ."
they chose the final group of loya jirga members from among themselves .
the process was not free of problems .
there were reports of vote buying .
there also were reports that electors had been threatened .
there were delays in the voting as well .
afghanistan s former king mohammad zahir shah will open the loya jirga monday .
he returned to the country recently after living in exile for more than twenty years .
zahir shah ruled afghanistan for forty years and is still considered influential with many afghans .
"however , his part in the loya jirga is ceremonial ."
the loya jirga is to complete its work by june sixteenth .
"many experts believe it will choose hamid karzai , the current temporary leader of afghanistan , as its next leader ."
karzai says he will accept the position if it is offered .
the new temporary leader and government of afghanistan will serve for two years .
then the country hopes to hold free and fair elections to choose a fully representative government .
"seoul , south korea ap the internet has spawned a new type of journalism in highly wired south korea an increasingly popular web site where doctors , students and even housekeepers work as citizen reporters ."
the three year old online service ohmynews where the public reports on everything from local gossip to national politics has become such a high profile news outlet that roh moo hyun granted it his first interview after being inaugurated as president in february .
"with ohmynews , we wanted to say goodbye to th century journalism where people only saw things through the eyes of the mainstream , conservative media , said its editor and founder oh yeon ho ."
we put everything out there and people judge the truth for themselves .
"but ohmynews s methods have raised concerns about the quality and objectivity of its reporting which , according to its own figures , is read by an estimated . million people daily ."
"marketing people and activists can pose as journalists to promote their own products and ideas , said choi joon suk , a senior editor at south korea s largest printed newspaper , chosun ilbo . the quality of the online media is a huge problem ."
"all stories are fact checked and edited by professional reporters before being pasted onto the internet , he said ."
only two stories have led to defamation cases .
"a check of his computer shows , readers have registered to be citizen reporters ."
they write about stories a day .
ohmynews last week published a string of articles ranging from roh s trip to washington to discuss the north korean nuclear crisis to some more local matters .
one citizen reporter wrote a story alleging the nephew of a provincial city mayor illegally drew a loan from a farmers cooperative .
another wrote a first person account of her husband preparing her a birthday breakfast .
yesterday was my birthday .
my darling husband got up early and i could hear him bustling about in the kitchen preparing the breakfast for me . . .
"about percent of the electronic newspaper s content comes from the public , the balance from ohmynews s team of professional reporters and editors ."
"pay for a citizen s article ranges from nothing to us , depending on its importance ."
ohmynews s influence was highlighted after an american military armored vehicle ran down and killed two south korean schoolgirls last june .
"while the accident initially attracted relatively little attention in the mainstream press , ohmynews was aggressive in its coverage ."
the stories prompted one citizen reporter to call for protests .
the idea snowballed and south korea experienced some of its largest anti u . s . demonstrations in years and critics called for a review of the u . s .
"mainstream newspapers later criticized ohmynews , questioning whether it was ethical for a so called reporter to incite demonstrations ."
"then a few months later during campaigning for the presidential elections , ohmynews coverage caught the attention of many and year olds ."
they united behind roh moo hyun and his policies for a more balanced relationship between seoul and washington and conciliation with communist north korea .
"the fast rise in popularity of ohmynews , and other online news services , is partly attributable to the percent penetration of homes with high speed broadband internet access connections more than anywhere else in the world ."
"paik hak soon , a political observer at the sejong institute research center , said the mainstream press still has the ear of the majority of the public . but things are changing ."
"twenty and thirty year olds are getting their news from the internet , he said ."
"a breakthrough in stem cell research in australia could hold a key to the treatment of cancers , aids and other auto immune diseases ."
"a team from the monash university medical school in melbourne , victoria , have identified and grown stem cells to regenerate the thymus"
"the thymus produces many of the cells that make up the body s immune system , including the infection fighting t cells ."
stem cells are cells which can be manipulated by scientists to grow into specific parts of a body .
"while the australian scientists have only managed to grow a mouse s thymus so far , they believe a human thymus could be produced from stem cells in three to five years ."
that might develop from this research could be at least years away .
"apart from potentially being able to treat or regrow an ailing thymus , gill says the better understanding of how the thymus and immune system cells works will most likely lead to better disease treatments ."
"up until now , it had not been known which cells lead to the creation of the crucial epithelium part of the thymus ."
the epithelium converts other stem cells into t cells .
it also controls the ability of t cells to recognize invaders in the body and helps prevent t cells from attacking healthy body tissues .
but thymus activity reduces after puberty .
the monash research could lead to the discovery of how the thymus can be stimulated to renew the production of immune system cells .
"this could lead to treatments for conditions where t cells have been depleted , such as aids , and after chemotherapy ."
the monash team has isolated a population of epithelium stem cell markers in a mouse thymus and proved that they can be grown into a fully functioning thymus .
the next part of the research will be identifying and isolating epithelium stem cells from a human thymus .
researchers at monash university in the southern state of victoria are amongst the world leaders in many fields of stem cell research
a leadership which has developed out of earlier pioneering work in in vitro fertilization .
"sir hillary , , with sherpa tenzing norgay who died in , was the first to scale the world s highest mountain , reaching the summit on may , ."
fifty years later every new zealander can recall with pride hillary s earthy words
"when the achievement was announced on the steps of new zealand s parliament a couple of days later , acting prime minister keith holyoake said hillary has put the british race and new zealand on top of the world ."
"five decades later , now firmly in the pacific and beyond british empire , new zealanders would cringe at that ."
"it was not so much the achievement of being first to the top of the world , but the manner in which hillary handled the fame ."
"he built schools and hospitals , created organizations such as the himalayan trust and worked tirelessly for primarily the nepalese , but also for third world causes ."
"people in places like nepal , he said , no more asked to live in poverty than new zealanders were responsible for their affluence ."
"the fact that we do is a blessing , and with it comes responsibilities , he said ."
"in the decades since everest more than a few new zealanders have headed off into unpaid labor around the third world , inspired by hillary s service ."
"that climb years ago had a big effect on the way we new zealanders regarded ourselves and our country , prime minister helen clark said at a recent parliamentary reception ."
"it was a triumph of skill , courage and endurance in which , as a nation , new zealand took enormous pride . . ."
"in the years since , sir edmund has shown us that the achievement of one dream can be the basis for new aspirations ."
hillary replied in a familiar fashion
"i like to think that i am a very ordinary new zealander , not terribly bright perhaps but determined and practical in what i do ."
"it s true , he told afp , i think he was everything we thought a decent new zealander ought to be ."
"he got on with it , he knocked the bugger off , he did kindly good works in nepal , he could turn his hand to being high commissioner in delhi , but above all he remained good old ed , unpretentious and decent . . ."
he gave us a feeling about ourselves that perhaps pre june we did not have .
hensley said that when holyoake made his british race remark it was only because the notion of new zealand citizenship at that stage was only five years old .
"he was a new zealander who had what we liked to think , was the best new zealand virtues and , look at that , he was internationally admired ."
hensley recalled meeting hillary around the world .
the impressive thing about ed hillary was that he was always ed .
"what you saw was what you got , whether he was high commissioner in delhi or running the legendary bees . . ."
"war has probably shaped us more than any other single thing from our landscape , but the mystique of ed is a more cheerful counter to our other experiences ."
during the early s then prime minister rob muldoon and indian prime minister indira gandhi had such a bad that new zealand closed its mission in new delhi .
in newly elected prime minister david lange named hillary wellington s envoy to india and nepal and he turned things around .
there is something of an after dinner joke here .
"it goes , what do bill clinton and new zealand have in common ?"
they both owe their reputations to hillary .
"an asteroid the size of a football field passed extremely close to earth last week but it remained undetected until days later , according to astronomers ."
"the space rock missed our planet by only , miles , about one third the distance to the moon , making the near collision one of the closest ever recorded ."
"cruising at . miles per second , the big boulder could have unleashed some major firepower had it struck , according to the neo near earth objects information center in leicester , england ."
"the destructive force might have been comparable to an asteroid or comet that exploded over siberia in , which flattened square miles of trees , according to the neo ."
"but the asteroid , designated mn , is not in the same league as potential killer rocks measuring more than . miles in diameter , some of which are known to lurk in our space neighborhood between mars and venus ."
"nevertheless , the big boulder should not pose a risk for some time ."
we have calculated its orbit several decades into the future and it does not threaten earth .
"the closest near collision in recent decades took place in , when asteroid xl passed within , miles of our planet ."
"cannes , france ap director gus van sant s , , elephant , an intimate look at the victims and killers in a fictional shooting at an american high school , won the top prize at the cannes film festival ."
"the film was well received , though the victory sunday was something of a surprise ."
"the french riviera festival s day lineup was considered the weakest in recent memory , and many critics favored lars von trier s dark , challenging drama dogville , which did not win any prizes ."
"van sant , best known for good will hunting , loosely based some aspects of his film on the massacre at columbine high school in suburban denver ."
"for van sant , the film harks back to the small , lower budget movies he once made , like my own private idaho ."
"he shot the film in just days with a cast of real high school students , not actors ."
"the movie starts out showing an ordinary school day , with a group of students gossiping in the cafeteria , playing football or working in the photography lab ."
two students go on a shooting spree in the hallways .
"the american director looked somewhat surprised as he accepted the palme d or , saying vive la france !"
"while newspapers have given lots of attention to school violence , drama is an area where we re not supposed to really be talking about such things , because it is such a large problem , van sant said ."
"the title , elephant , refers to the old expression about a problem that s as easy to ignore as an elephant in the living room ."
"it s easier to leave it sleeping and not aggravate it , he said ."
the director was the first american to take the palme d or since quentin tarantino won for pulp fiction in .
van sant also won the prize for best director .
"uzak , distant , a slow moving turkish film about a jobless man from the countryside who irritates his sophisticated city cousin by moving into his apartment , won the grand prize , or second place ."
"the film s two stars , muzaffer ozdemir and mehmet emin toprak , shared the award for best actor ."
"they played the two cousins , who were both lonely and alienated , but unable to become friends ."
arcand also directed the film about a womanizing university professor who confronts death with humor and sharp intelligence .
the movie had many viewers wiping away tears .
"marie josee croze , who plays a young drug addict recruited to supply the dying man with heroin to ease his pain , won the award for best actress ."
"the jury prize went to at five in the afternoon , by year old directing prodigy samira makhmalbaf of iran ."
the movie her third to show in cannes is about a spirited young afghan who dreams of being her country s first woman president .
"many of its scenes have a haunting beauty , showing the country s ruined palaces and rocky deserts ."
"reconstruction , by denmark s christoffer boe , won the camera d or , an award for the best film by a first time director , while the prize for best short film went to australia s glendyn ivin for cracker bag ."
"for prizes was clint eastwood s mystic river , a crime drama about three childhood friends brought together years later by a murder ."
"appearances by eastwood and kidman were among the highlights of the festival , which drew fewer stars than in recent years ."
"elephant offered a very different take on school violence than michael moore gave in bowling for columbine , a hit at cannes last year ."
moore s film searched for the roots of violence in america by looking at everything from school shootings to racism to the national rifle association .
van sant doesn t offer any reasons for why school violence happens
"he just presents it , and leaves it to viewers to think about ."
"a few details were based on the columbine massacre , when gunmen eric harris and dylan klebold killed people and then turned their guns on themselves ."
researchers agree that intense physical exercise is not the only way to gain better health .
studies show that walking several times a week can lower the risk of many diseases .
"they include heart disease , stroke , diabetes , bone loss , arthritis and depression ."
walking also can help you lose weight .
fast walking is good for the heart .
it lowers the blood pressure .
it raises the amount of good cholesterol in the blood .
researchers say walking can reduce the risk of suffering a heart attack by as much as fifty percent .
studies have shown that walking for thirty minutes a day can delay and possibly prevent the development of type two diabetes .
it can prevent diabetes among people who are overweight and at risk for the disease .
walking strengthens the muscles and builds up the bones to which they are attached .
studies show that women who walked and took calcium decreased their risk of developing osteoporosis or thinning of the bones .
walking also helps ease the pain of arthritis in areas where bones are joined by strengthening the muscles around the bones .
walking several times a week is a good way to control your weight and even lose body fat .
experts say walking is one of the safest ways to exercise .
there is a low risk of injuries .
so it is good for people who are starting an exercise program for the first time and for older people .
a walking program is easy to start .
you should wear loose clothes and good shoes .
shoes designed for walking are best .
"you should stretch the muscles in your arms , legs , and back before and after you walk ."
stretching is an important part of any exercise program .
it helps prevent injury and muscle pain .
how fast should you walk ?
"yet , you should be able to talk ."
let your arms move back and forward at your sides while you walk .
there are no rules to starting a walking program .
or you may walk up hills to strengthen your leg muscles .
health experts say you can gain the most from a walking program if you walk about five kilometers an hour for thirty minutes a day .
you should do this about five times a week .
"petersburg ap naval and army cadets marched in tight formation on may across the cobblestones of palace square , the epicenter of st ."
"thousands of revelers pressed against metal barriers erected around the square , which is bordered on one side by the ornate , sprawling winter palace , the one time seat of czarist power ."
three hundred years is young for a russian city moscow recently celebrated its th anniversary but as st .
"petersburg governor vladimir yakovlev pointed out in a speech to the cadets and crowd tuesday , together with russia it has endured war and revolution ."
it has also endured misery .
"it s a city that has had such a special history in a short period of time , said scientist vladimir markov as he watched a procession of red robed russian orthodox priests bearing icons outside st ."
"petersburg got a major face lift for the festivities , which are to culminate over the weekend with a russia european union summit and a meeting between putin , the city s most famous living native son , and u . s ."
"an ornate gate to the winter palace , which now houses the hermitage museum , was opened in a ceremony tuesday , providing access to the building from palace square for the first time since the bolshevik revolution ."
"renamed petrograd in and leningrad a decade later , saint petersburg got its old name back as the soviet union collapsed in ."
ex the alliance was forged in the crucible of war .
ex her bones were laid to rest here .
"ex by the time the siege ended , the citizens were nearly starving ."
participant in the unsuccessful conspiracy to overthrow czar nicholas i of russia in december
"the internet is for everyone , and with it comes responsibilities for everyone"
"people who use the internet , technicians who build it , businesses that make money off it and governments that try to control it ."
"he calls on internet users and developers to share responsibility for making the internet available , secure , affordable and accessible to everyone ."
they should also be good internet citizens .
"keep in mind that there are real people on the other end of your e mail , as opposed to thinking , this is a computer with a glass display , and you don t have to worry about what you say , cerf says ."
"on the other hand , he says , the business influence shouldn t be too large that it crowds out research and other uses ."
he warns of commercial forces curtailing the global nature of the net .
"unprecedented control of access lines by high speed service providers , and patents that restrict use of specific technologies ."
the patent holder included
benefits more if everyone contributes to the common good .
"cerf also worries about efforts to censor content , like pornography and hate speech ."
"such attempts , he says , run up against the first amendment here and may conflict with values in other cultures ."
the meeting s most closely watched moment was the welcoming handshake on june sunday between french president jacques chirac and u . s .
"president george w . bush , whose wartime differences led to angry recriminationssmall talk before walking into a luncheon with other presidents and prime ministers ."
"chirac , at a news conference later , praised bush for getting"
congress to pass a billion package to combat aids in the developing world .
"bush took a decision in this area that i would not hesitate to call historic , chirac said ."
largely peaceful demonstrations against the summit deteriorated into battles between riot police and protesters that continued into early monday .
"for more than nine hours , police used rubber pellets , tear gas and water cannons against several thousand militants who rampaged through the swiss city of geneva , across the lake from the meeting ."
"the protesters looted gas stations , pharmacies and other shops , leaving downtown geneva in a state of chaos ."
even the bulletproof windows of big banks were smashed .
"inside the summit , there was a concerted effort to get beyond iraq ."
"white house officials suggested bush was taking a wait and see approach about his relationship with chirac and german chancellor gerhard schroeder , another ardent war foe ."
"it was a different matter , though , with russian president vladimir putin , who also opposed the u . s . led drive to depose saddam hussein but , in washington s view , was not confrontational about it ."
"petersburg , russia , where they celebrated ratification of a major nuclear arms agreement and proclaimed their close friendship ."
"strange as it may sound , putin said , the united states and russia have even strengthened ties a point that bush was happy to echo ."
"nearly meat eating fish native to china have been found in a maryland pond where a pet owner dumped two of them in , state officials said amid concern that the fish will become a major threat to native species ."
"last week , agency officials caught young northern snakeheads by using an electroshock method that stuns them , causing them to float to the surface of the water ."
"two adult fish were released into the crofton pond two years ago , police said ."
"state officials discovered the presence of the species in may , when an angler caught a suspicious fish and provided a photo for identification ."
"since then , biologists have caught several young fish ."
"no charges were filed against the owner of the two original fish , whom police would not identify , because the statute of limitations has expired ."
"they outgrew the capability of his care , so the individual chose to release them into what he felt was a safe environment , said capt ."
mark sanders of the maryland natural resources police .
"seoul , south korea ap an upscale neighborhood a block from the presidential residence in seoul has a new cultural icon"
"opened a week ago , asia eros museum is a sensation in this deeply confucian society that has stifled public talk of sex while harboring one of the most prosperous sex industries in asia ."
"in the first survey of its kind , government funded experts estimated that selling sex generated trillion won us billion last year , or . percent of the country s gross domestic product , and employed , women , thousands of them from russia and the philippines ."
some experts say the figures are grossly underestimated .
"alarmed , the government s ministry of gender equality designated fighting the sex industry a top policy goal for this year ."
koreans like to depict themselves as a chaste nation .
"an old dictum goes , boys and girls should not sit together in the same room after they turn seven ."
"women used to wear baggy hanbok dresses that hid their physical shape , and were told not to smile at men outside their families ."
"in february , the national assembly refused to let a filmmaker shoot a scene of an actress in a miniskirt walking through its main gate ."
film crew members accused the assembly of rejecting their request because the actress was playing a prostitute elected to parliament .
"so instead , the crew filmed the actress climb over the assembly s main steel gate while parliamentary security guards tried to stop her ."
"in real life , however , attitudes about sex are rapidly changing ."
"young couples kiss in public an act that would have invited disapproving stares , if not a tongue lashing , from old people a decade ago ."
a flood of porn on cyberspace is clicks away in this highly wired country .
"it s time to break the taboo and start a discourse on sex , its pleasure , its distortions and superstitions , says martin shim , a curator at asia eros museum ."
"shim s narrow three story museum exhibits hundreds of erotic artifacts , from indian carvings and tibetan statutes to chinese folding screens and korean paintings ."
it also illustrates chinese erotic foot binding and ancient korean worship for a penis shaped rock believed to help women bear boys .
"by law , prostitutes and customers can be jailed for up to one year in south korea , and adulterers twice as much ."
"but enforcement has been so lax that until recently many people didn t even know prostitution was illegal , says song ae ri , a sex industry expert at the ministry of gender equality ."
"today , the government encourages sex education in grade school and upward ."
it is pushing for a new law to increase penalties for running a brothel or arranging prostitution elsewhere from the current maximum five years in prison to a minimum of five years .
"besides red light districts , thousands of steam bath saunas , barber shops , night clubs , and love motels whose roofs are often shaped like disney land castles serve as fronts for prostitution ."
"with our rapid economic growth , workers are driven to more competition , and sex has become a way of letting off their stress , rather than an expression of love , says koo sung ae , a sex educator ."
"in may , local media appeared scandalized when a seoul cafe hosted orgies of men and women who romped naked , wearing only feather masks ."
"according to police , they selected a king by lottery and did whatever he bid them do ."
"the cafe s arrested owner told police he got his business idea from foreign porn web sites and was very proud of bringing a new culture of free sex in korea , said police sgt ."
"i don t see any difference between them and beasts , fumed choi joon hwan , , a visitor to the sex museum ."
"for celebrities , violating the public code on sexual conduct carries a steep price ."
"when video footage of popular actresses and singers having sex with their boyfriends turned up on the internet in recent years , they were expelled from public life , with tv stations scrambling to cancel their appearances ."
one of them apologized for her crime and fled to the united states . later she even changed her name .
"built centuries ago to keep mongol marauders and manchu militias out , the great wall of china is again threatened ."
this time from the inside .
vacationers are scattering garbage over its battlements and carving their initials into its ancient bricks .
"villagers cart away pieces to make sheep corrals and developers are leasing land at the wall s foot to build tract homes , a group set up to protect the monument warned ."
"hoping to beat back the threat , william lindesay , an englishman who in hiked along , kilometers , miles of the wall , announced the formation of a conservation alliance to protect the most spectacular sections of the wall located around beijing ."
there are kilometers miles of the wall within the municipal limits of china s capital .
but only a dozen or so kilometers have been restored .
lindesay wants other parts maintained in their current weathered state and to safeguard spectacular vistas around the wall from what he called view pollution .
"with the backing of beijing s cultural heritage administration and unesco , the u . n . cultural organization , lindesay s international friends of the great wall plans to hire local farmers as rangers to pick up garbage and make sure bits of wall aren t carried off ."
"they will place signs along trails leading up to the wall reminding visitors not to smoke , litter or otherwise disturb the environment ."
they eventually hope to lobby local governments to ban development that would tarnish the wall s natural setting .
china s best known historical landmark stretches from the seacoast east of beijing to gansu province in the western desert .
"its earliest parts were built in the second century b . c . by the emperor qinshi huangdi , who connected existing battlements as he conquered his rivals and created the first unitary chinese state ."
"more modern sections around beijing , that most familiar to visitors , date from the ming dynasty and have been restored since the communist party took power in ."
"china boasts thousands of historical monuments from its , year history and hundreds of major archaeological finds are uncovered each year ."
but funds and preservation know how are stretched thin .
"that makes it even more important for non governmental citizens groups to participate in preservation , lindesay said ."
"washington ap hillary rodham clinton , acknowledging tirades and tears over her husband s affair with a white house intern , says president bill clinton lied to her about the relationship until the weekend before he admitted as much to a grand jury ."
"clinton , now a democratic u . s . senator from new york , vividly describes her pain over the betrayal in living history , her new memoir covering her eight years in the white house ."
"a copy of the book , which goes on sale on june monday , was obtained by the associated press ."
"the most difficult decisions i have made in my life were to stay married to bill and to run for the senate from new york , she writes ."
"for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents ."
"more than six months later , with the president preparing to testify before a grand jury , mrs ."
", , he woke her up , paced at the bedside , and told me for the first time that the situation was much more serious than he had previously acknowledged ."
he now realized he would have to testify that there had been an inappropriate intimacy .
he told me that what happened between them had been brief and sporadic .
why did you lie to me
i was furious and getting more so by the second .
i was trying to protect you and chelsea
"publisher simon schuster , expecting large sales , ordered an extraordinary first printing of million copies ."
the first lady turned senator was paid a . million advance toward the million book deal .
foreign rights have already been sold in countries .
list price for the book is .
"the publisher billed the book as a complete , candid accounting of her years in the white house ."
"clinton said that up until that august morning when her husband confessed , she believed he was being railroaded and had merely been foolish by paying any attention to lewinsky ."
she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family .
"i was dumbfounded , heartbroken and outraged that i d believed him at all ."
she said the president s eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
"she ultimately decided she still loved her husband , although as a wife , i wanted to wring bill s neck ."
"she describes in bitter terms the months of chill between them , never more painful than when they went to martha s vineyard for vacation right after his testimony ."
"buddy , the dog , came along to keep bill company . he was the only member of our family who was still willing to ."
"while on the island , she felt nothing but profound sadness , disappointment and unresolved anger ."
"i could barely speak to bill , and when i did , it was a tirade ."
i walked on the beach .
he slept downstairs .
she said her decision to run for a senate seat from new york provided a healing bridge for them .
bill and i were talking again about matters other than the future of our relationship .
over time we both began to relax .
"she recounted their last day at the white house , waltzing down a long hallway in her husband s arms ."
she concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .
"on the whitewater matter that dogged much of their time in the white house , the former first lady acknowledges only public relations mistakes in how we handled the growing controversy ."
whitewater never seemed real because it wasn t .
clinton portrays whitewater partner jim mcdougall as an embittered man who threatened her several times when she tried to file overdue tax returns for the property .
"the payback came , she said , when her husband decided to run for president in and mcdougall planted false information about our relationship in the press , claiming he had refused favors from clinton when he was governor ."
the final report on the whitewater investigation questioned the first lady s truthfulness .
"independent counsel robert ray s report concluded that the clintons mid s arkansas land venture benefited from criminal activity and that the president and his wife gave factually inaccurate testimony , but there was not enough evidence to prove the former first lady s family engaged in wrongdoing ."
"clinton s political stock is on the rise , although she insists she will not consider entering the race for president this year ."
ex she was adamant that she would not come .
"authority to make a film of it , translate it , sell it abroad , etc"
ex his stock is high .
"throwaway cell phones are set to make their debut on united states convenience store shelves , down the aisle from plastic razors , beef jerky and disposable cameras they seek to emulate as spur of the moment consumer purchases ."
"hop on , a small company based in garden grove , california , said this week it had won u . s . regulatory approval to sell its first phones , clearing the way for a nationwide introduction of a no frills recyclable phone for prepaid mobile calling ."
"in an interview , chairman and chief executive peter michaels said approval of the phones will allow hop on shortly to sell its stripped down mobile phone and minutes of initial service for a flat fee , through an unnamed major cdma carrier ."
"hop on mobile devices are plastic , two way phones the size of a deck of playing cards ."
users talk and listen to callers via a microphone earpiece connected by a thin wire .
"customers buy scratch cards in increments of additional talk time of , and minutes , according to company officials ."
"hop on , which hopes to sell the phones at major retailers , corner stores and gas stations , said it received a go ahead from the u . s ."
federal communications commission for phones with a low cost chipset from philips electronics based on qualcomm inc .
"michaels also hopes to win the fcc s blessing in to days for a second , less expensive model that would be priced at ."
this is based on the international gsm mobile standard .
it would be aimed at europe and eventually the united states .
"the company also said it is in talks with as many as major retailers and other companies to distribute the phones , including convenience stores , gas station chains and big retail chains ."
"consumer brands , including a major beer company , are looking at licensing hop on phones and selling them under their own brand names as promotional items , michaels said ."
the mangyongbong was to arrive early monday in the northwestern port of niigata on its first visit since a north korean defector told u . s . lawmakers last month that most of the imported parts used in north korea s missile program were smuggled by passenger ship from japan .
"but north korean officials called off the trip , saying japanese authorities and local media were fanning anti north korean emotions and creating unsafe conditions for the ship s port call ."
"under these abnormal circumstances we cannot guarantee the ship s normal operations and the safety of the passengers , nam sung u , deputy chairman of the pro pyongyang general association of korean residents in japan , told reporters ."
japan and north korea have no formal diplomatic relations .
"we are indefinitely suspending the ship s entry due to the abnormal and harsh environment around the niigata port , he said ."
nam said the ferry would not resume operations until tokyo improved its actions regarding the ship .
the mangyongbong was originally scheduled to make trips to japan through sept .
"niigata police were planning to mobilize about , riot police during the ship s planned two day visit as a precaution against expected protests by rightists and supporters of japanese who were kidnapped by north korean spies decades ago ."
customs officials were also planning to tighten their inspections of passengers .
north korea on sunday criticized japan for pressuring the north to suspend the ship s operations .
the statement also warned of catastrophic consequences if increased surveillance by japan effectively marked the beginning of economic sanctions against north korea .
north korea has repeatedly said it would view sanctions as an act of war .
japanese officials said their intention to conduct strict searches of the ship and passengers may have convinced north korea it wasn t a good time to set sail .
"i had a sense that the ship wouldn t be able to return if we had solid inspections in place , niigata mayor akira shinoda told public broadcaster nhk ."
the mangyongbong is the only passenger ship making regular trips between japan and north korea .
it carries ethnic koreans back and forth on excursions and is believed to be an important conduit of cash and goods sent by japan s korean community .
dozens of ethnic korean students attending pro north korean schools in japan were due to ride the ferry to the north on tuesday for field trips .
"japan s korean population of about , is mostly second and third generation residents whose parents and grandparents came to work during japan s colonial rule of the korean peninsula ."
niigata is kilometers miles northwest of tokyo .
"an elaborate matrix of paths scattered throughout the entire solar system can dramatically cut the amount of power needed for spacecraft to explore our celestial neighborhood , nasa announced this week ."
"conventional deep space missions use the gravity of celestial bodies one at a time , using nearby planets or moons or the sun to slingshot themselves farther along on their journeys ."
"but craft using the space freeway , which resembles a complex arrangement of tunnels and passageways , take advantage of previously untapped gravitational relationships between the planets and moons ."
our theory has refined to the point where we can actually compute these trajectories and we find patterns going around the planets and the sun .
"in various regions of our solar system , competing gravitational forces virtually cancel each other out , leaving corridors through which spacecraft can travel with little effort , according to lo ."
"like threads twisted together to form a rope , the possible flight paths formed tubes in space , jpl said in a statement ."
"lo foresees a future in which permanent space outposts could line the superhighway , serving as supply depots for human explorers traveling along the same routes ."
"past space wanderers have already tested the space road , including asteroids and comets ."
"comet shoemaker levy , for example , collided with jupiter when it took an off ramp toward the giant gas planet , nasa said ."
some scientists theorize that a killer asteroid traveled along the highway when it smacked into earth and wiped out the dinosaurs million years ago .
"qutang , china ap even with months of warning , the rising waters of the yangtze river behind the three gorges dam took thousands of people by surprise ."
"engineers had posted signs showing where the water level will be when the reservoir , which started to fill on june , reaches its highest point ."
"but in a sign of the confusion surrounding the world s biggest hydroelectric project , and by sheer force of rural tradition , many planted fields they had been told were doomed ."
"they thought their fields were really high and wouldn t be reached by water , ding said ."
the three gorges dam is unprecedented in the scale of both its construction and the dislocation imposed on people whose families have lived for centuries along the densely populated yangtze .
"the government is moving about . million people to higher ground some as far away as shanghai , , kilometers miles to the east ."
critics say both goals would have been better served by a series of smaller dams .
"they warn that the project could worsen pollution by trapping sewage and industrial waste , and that a dam break could lead to catastrophic flooding ."
"construction went ahead despite complaints about the billion yuan billion cost , forced relocations , environmental damage and flooding of temples and other cultural and archaeological sites ."
the government has promised to pay for new homes and farmland for relocated residents .
"but some villagers complain that the payments are inadequate , and in a few cases accuse local officials of embezzling money meant for them ."
"ding , the farmer in qutang , about kilometers miles upstream from the dam , once had a vegetable field of some , square meters , square feet . he said that now all but square meters , square feet of it is under water ."
"the government relocation program wasn t carried out in this village , so we have no money , he said ."
"the reservoir has been rising by two to four meters six to feet a day since june , when of the dam s sluice gates were shut in a ceremony shown live on national television ."
the meter tall foot tall concrete wall is nearly two kilometers miles wide .
"even as the waters crept up monday , laborers were carrying out last minute demolition work on lighthouses and other tall buildings due to be engulfed , tearing them down so they won t be a hidden danger to ships ."
"the yangtze is one of china s most important transportation arteries , and shipping is to continue through the reservoir , with giant ship locks built to carry freighters and ferries around the immense concrete wall ."
shipping has been banned near the dam since april but is to resume june .
"china s leaders exalt the dam as a sign of the country s high tech prowess , but the demolition was being carried out by brute force , with hammers and pickaxes ."
bricks and other salvaged materials were carried away in baskets slung across the backs of donkeys .
"a dense blanket of pollution , dubbed the asian brown cloud , is hovering over south asia , with scientists warning it could kill millions of people in the region , and pose a global threat ."
"in the biggest ever study of the phenomenon , scientists warned that the cloud , estimated to be two miles thick , is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths a year from respiratory disease ."
"by slashing the sunlight that reaches the ground by to percent , the choking smog has also altered the region s climate , cooling the ground while heating the atmosphere , scientists said ."
"while haze hovers over other parts of the world , such as above america and europe , what surprised scientists was just how far the cloud extended , and how much black carbon was in it , according to a . p . mitra from india s national physical laboratory ."
"while many scientists once thought that only lighter greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , could travel across the earth , they now say that aerosol clouds can too ."
"they discovered not only that the smog cut sunlight , heating the atmosphere , but also that it created acid rain , a serious threat to crops and trees , as well as contaminating oceans and hurting agriculture ."
"while scientists say it is just early days and they need more scientific data , they do say the regional and global impact of the haze will intensify over the next years , with an estimated five billion people living in asia ."
"discovered in ethiopia s fossil rich afar region , the skulls have clearly modern features a prominent forehead , flattened face and reduced brow that contrast with older humans projecting , heavy browed skulls ."
"they re close enough to call homo sapiens , said tim white , a university of california , berkeley paleontologist who was co leader of the international team that excavated and analyzed the skulls ."
"previously , the earliest fossils of homo sapiens found in africa had been dated to about , to , years , although they were less complete and sometimes poorly dated , white said ."
white and his colleagues assigned the new creatures to a subspecies of homo sapiens they named homo sapiens idaltu idaltu meaning elder in the afar language .
"two other scientists not involved with the research said the skulls are an important find that fill a big gap in the african human fossil record , the period between about , and , years ago ."
"they agreed with white that the skulls age and appearance strongly support genetic evidence that modern humans arose in africa between , and , years ago and not at multiple locations in europe , africa and asia as some researchers suggest ."
"rick potts , director of the human origins program at the smithsonian institution , said the skulls , while still large and thick boned , are undeniably modern ."
"potts said that while white and his colleagues conclude that the fossil skulls are likely those of ancestral subspecies of homo sapiens , he believes they represent modern homo sapiens ."
"researchers say they have created a transgenic mouse with muscles like a marathoner , capable of enduring rigorous exercise for extended periods of time ."
"while so far the research has only been conducted on mice , scientists say they expect the techniques they ve developed to treat the mouse muscle will also work on humans ."
"pgc appears to be the switch , or a major component of it , that enables your body s muscles to adjust to the demands being put on them , said spiegelman ."
understanding how this system works could make it possible to develop a drug to manipulate this system .
muscle is made up of a combination of different types of fibers .
"sprinters or weightlifters , on the other hand , have muscle rich in fast twitch , type ii fibers ."
these muscles are bulkier and stronger but tire quickly .
"to create the endurance mouse , spiegelman s group bioengineered pgc into mouse muscle tissue ."
but they were surprised to find that pgc appeared to be converting type ii fast twitch fibers into type i slow twitch fibers .
"the muscle itself actually changed color , taking on a reddish hue characteristic of oxygen rich tissue ."
"further , in an endurance test at a texas laboratory , the bioengineered muscle turned out to contract efficiently two and a half times longer than regular muscle ."
the area is sparsely populated .
students sleep in the same room and eat in a communal dining hall .
one student jokingly compared life to that of pigs in a pig pen .
"the all boy hansamm institute is one of dozens of cram schoolsproliferating in areas around seoul where the pupils study hour after hour , preparing to clear a hurdle that will determine their future college entrance exams ."
"here life is so removed from the lure of cities that the boys have no choice but to study there is nothing else to do , says hwang min ho , an instructor who carries a short , black baton as a symbol of discipline ."
the regimen is called either hapsuk or kisuk .
"basically it means sleeping and eating together in korean , and the system reflects a belief that doing things together improves performance ."
"i had difficulty adjusting at first , but i don t complain because i came here to avoid society and save time for studying ."
"for south koreans , group activity comes naturally ."
men serve a mandatory month military service during which dozens of soldiers sleep on the same floor .
"office workers join hoe shik , or group dinners , and like to sing and dance together in karaoke bars ."
parents send youngsters to special boot camps run by south korean marines to learn teamwork and patience .
"south korea s school system is long credited with mass producing dedicated workers , a key to the country s high tempo economic success ."
but it also created pressure cooker conditions that emphasize rote learning for standardized exams .
"in south korea , which college one attends has far reaching implications ."
"but as a saying here goes , when it comes to children s education , korean parents don t care whether they jump in water or fire ."
a mother working as a department store clerk gives up almost all of her monthly wage to send her son to hansamm .
hansamm is miles from the nearest town .
"during summer vacation , high school seniors study at hansamm ."
"but its full time residents are jaesoo sang , or study again students , who didn t get into the university of their choice and are cramming for the following year s test ."
"graduates of cram schools remember friends jumping the walls at night , lured by neon signs in the distance , and corporal punishment for disruptive students a common practice in many south korean schools ."
sirens wail or loud music blares at a . m . to wake the students .
"after a roll call and exercise , classes begin at a . m ."
"another roll call comes at midnight , when students must go to bed unless they are studying , which they can do for another hour or two ."
but that s the very reason i came here .
hansamm allows students a two night leave every three weeks .
"when they return , officials check bags for items deemed distracting"
"the institute plans to take students bird watching , rafting in a nearby river and on a tour to an invasion tunnel north korea dug under the dmz in the s ."
the boys seek their own diversion .
"we recently hired a new , young female nurse , said hansamm s headmaster , yoon chong sok ."
"it was dented by overseas summer trips and a rise in imports , the central bank said on wednesday ."
the central bank said the current account might turn to a deficit in august .
but the bank maintained its forecast of a billion current account surplus .
the july figure was down from a surplus of . million the same time last year .
"the travel deficit grew to a record . million in july as more south koreans went abroad over the summer , the bank of korea said in a statement ."
"hefty spending on overseas trips and study could trigger a current account deficit in , deputy finance minister for international affairs kim yong duk said on tuesday ."
"earlier this month , the governor of the central bank park seung said the current account surplus in would be at least billion , lower than the bank s target of billion or equivalent to about one percent of gross domestic product gdp ."
"in the first seven months of the year , the current account surplus stood at . billion , versus . billion a year earlier , the bank of korea said ."
"current account , the broadest measure of trade with other countries , includes all goods and services as well as capital transactions and non business transfers such as donations and aid ."
"london ap days before the new harry potter novel was to go on sale around the world , thousands of copies of the book were stolen in britain , prompting police on june tuesday to threaten the arrest of anyone caught selling them on the black market ."
"rowling s , , series about a boy wizard , order of the phoenix , have been guarded with great secrecy by publisher bloomsbury ."
"merseyside police , who are investigating the theft , issued a statement warning people that if they handle the book before saturday in anything other than a legitimate manner , they could face criminal charges ."
bloomsbury also used the robbery to remind the public that a legal injunction prevents any publication of the contents or summary of the book before it goes on sale this weekend and also requires the return of any missing books to the publisher .
"gmt sunday , along with the truck trailer they were packed in ready for distribution around britain ahead of the launch early saturday morning from an industrial park in the town of newtown le willows , northern england ."
"the trailer was found by police on monday about miles kilometers away in salford , greater manchester minus its valuable load ."
"police said initial investigations had found that a man driving the front cab of a similar style trailer , which also was stolen , had falsely presented himself to security as the legitimate driver ."
"the van is being forensically examined , and we are appealing for witnesses , said caroline foran , a spokeswoman for merseyside police ."
"she declined to say how many police officers were involved in the investigation , on the ground that it could jeopardize the inquiry ."
the launch of the book is so hotly anticipated that internet retailer amazon . com said it has received more than million advance orders for the book .
rowling s four previous potter novels have sold more than million copies in languages and countries .
"earlier this month , a printing plant worker was sentenced to hours community service for stealing pages from the forthcomingnovel he found in a parking lot as he was leaving work ."
"donald parfitt , , was arrested after the sun newspaper told police it received a call from a shifty sounding man offering three chapters of the book for , pounds us , ."
"magistrates in lowestoft , eastern england , said they considered sending parfitt to jail because of the serious breach of trust and the high potential value of the stolen work ."
"the sun also reported last month that two unbound , uncut copies of the novel were found in a field near the printer s offices ."
"a new study has found that mobile phone radiation is unlikely to increase the risk of cancer , challenging earlier research which suggested a possible link ."
"researchers at australia s institute of medical and veterinary science exposed , mice to varying degrees of mobile phone radiation over a two year period but found no increase in the cancer rate as a result ."
an earlier study of mice exposed to mobile phone radiation conducted by the institute in the mid s found a two fold increase in lymphoma in genetically modified mice .
"the new study was designed to repeat the earlier work , with more mice and stricter control over how they were exposed to the radiation ."
"the mice were split into two groups , with one group comprising mice which had been genetically modified to have a tendency to develop cancerous tumors ."
a parallel study is underway by an italian research group funded by the european commission .
findings from that research is expected in about months .
"for years , the north has let small scale trading posts , known as farmers markets , operate independently of the state run distribution system ."
"people with access to land , farming families , are now allowed to have kitchen gardens and thus more small markets have sprung up , said kathi zellweger , the director of aid to north korea for the charity caritas ."
"farmers and other producers have even begun to set up roadside stalls , and bartering in public is common , she said ."
the markets are thriving as north korea intensifies a war of words with the united states over the reclusive regime s nuclear programs .
"washington and its allies have been turning up the heat on pyongyang , using a combination of diplomacy and isolation to dissuade the north from continuing its nuclear programs and trade in narcotics , counterfeit money and missile parts ."
"on june wednesday , the north acknowledged publicly for the first time that it has a nuclear weapons program ."
"with north korea s main sources of hard currency in danger of running dry and its isolation growing , experts say the regime needs the farmers markets more than ever to keep goods and money circulating ."
years of mismanagement and an army first policy have left the economy in a shambles .
"in the s , famine struck , killing hundreds of thousands ."
the north now relies heavily on outside food aid to feed its million people .
"to resuscitate the economy , north korea implemented reforms last july ."
"it scaled back subsidies , increased wages and allowed prices to adjust to their real value , measures some observers have compared to a policy china pursued in the late s when it gradually opened"
"but a year later , inflation is estimated at about percent , the currency has plunged and goods are scarcer than ever ."
"although the economy grew . percent in for the fourth straight year of growth , output from key mining , manufacturing and power industries is declining , south korea s central bank of korea says ."
there are positive signs .
"since it began delivering aid to the north in , the united nations world food program has gradually gained access to areas previously off limits ."
"that s a great leap forward , said gerald bourke , a spokesman for the wfp s aid project in north korea which has grown to five local offices and a staff of ."
north korea s record with capitalism is abysmal .
"in the mid s , the north created a free economic zone close to the northeastern border with russia that foreign investors avoided because it lacked infrastructure ."
only a few empty hotels now stand there .
"despite their surge , the farmers markets are still a minuscule part of the north s economy ."
"fewer than million , or about one third of the population , living in agricultural areas can buy at the markets ."
the bank of korea estimates that private sector trade
"marcus noland , an economist at the new york based institute for international economics , said pyongyang s anti capitalist track record suggests it may actually be trying to tighten controls , not loosen them ."
"previously , farmers sold their goods to the markets because of higher prices there than in the state distribution centers ."
"by raising official prices , the government may want farmers to channel crops back through the public system , noland told the u . s . senate in testimony earlier this month ."
but experts say north korea s fate may be beyond its control .
"whatever onomatopoeia you want to use , the result was the same"
"big names like pets . com , living . com , furniture . com and many others simply folded ."
most of the debacle had little to do with the concept of selling things over the internet .
it is clear that using the web to sell stuff to people
"and though it s still tiny , e commerce is growing and hasn t even reached the beginning of its potential ."
the bubble was not an e commerce phenomenon .
it was a wall street phenomenon .
the stock market s wild swings are like the mood fluctuations of a child going to the amusement park .
"the night before , the child is so excited he or she can barely sleep , talking about every ride and all the food ."
"but by the time you re in the car on your way , the child gets cranky and starts screaming are we there yet ?"
"when you finally arrive , you re exhausted"
but wall street and the venture capitalists played a dangerous game with the companies by breaking an unspoken promise .
"by building up the companies based on their original business models , the markets were saying , you re doing the right thing"
do it well and we ll give you enough money to climb the mountain .
nothing changed except that the investors changed their mind .
"the plans they had bought into no longer were good enough , and any company that couldn t change was left to die ."
part of it is just business evolution .
the new plans are largely better plans .
"e commerce may have come of age , but it s a long way from adulthood ."
it s left the idealistic childhood .
"but it still has all those awkward , gawky , surly teenage years ahead of it ."
"washington afp u . s . lawmakers took aim at spam messages on june thursday , as two separate bills worked their way through the u . s ."
"utah senator orrin hatch co sponsored one bill introduced thursday , the criminal spam act of , which targets people who hijack computer systems or use other fraudulent means to send unsolicited commercial e mail ."
"the abusive practices of fraudulent spammers threaten to choke the lifeblood of the electronic age , senate judiciary committee chairman orrin hatch said in a statement ."
their bill would make it a crime to hijack the identities of other computer uses to send bulk commercial e mail or to conceal key information about the e mail s source .
violators could face up to five years in prison .
"a separate anti spam bill , authored by democratic senator ron wyden of oregon and republican senator conrad burns of montana , was unanimously approved thursday by the commerce committee ."
"wyden said in a statement that his bill aimed to slow the flow of spam , but another anti spam crusader in the u . s . legislature , said the bill , while a good start , didn t go far enough ."
"schumer , a new york democrat , earlier this year introduced his own bill that would impose heavy fines for spamming , mandate jail term for repeat offenders , and create a do not spam list of e mail addresses ."
ex we re both going after the same job . ex the law must be given more teeth if crime is to be properly controlled .
"according to industry analysts , the automotive computer technology market should grow from about billion in to billion by ."
"already , many companies are developing devices to provide cars with entertainment , internet capability , satellite navigation , satellite radio , and futuristic safety features so that they look like something straight out of a james bond movie ."
"the mp jukebox , available in march for select fords , is an add on accessory to cars existing sound systems ."
the jukebox features software that lets users load hundreds of hours of music stored on mp files in their computers onto a small cartridge that then goes into the car .
"also plans to demonstrate various other new safety , security and entertainment technologies , not yet available on the market , in a souped up vehicle at the consumer electronics show in las vegas ."
"automotive products supplier , is demonstrating satellite radio at the consumer electronic show ."
"slated to be available in , satellite radio is a revolutionary new band of radio that will deliver non stop , digital quality music and other programming directly via satellite to vehicles and residences ."
delphi won a multiyear purchase contract in november to build satellite capable audio systems for general motors corp .
"dan garretson , an analyst with forrester research , said he sees the automotive technology sector growing rapidly , with sales of devices like mp players , dvd players and satellite radios hitting a cumulative million units by ."
afp mcdonald s said it has instructed its meat suppliers to phase out the use of growth promoting antibioticsanimal husbandry on june thursday in the service of the wider public health battle on antibiotic resistance in humans .
"we take seriously our obligation to understand the emerging science of antibiotic resistance , and to work with our suppliers to foster real , tangible changes in our own supply community , and hopefully beyond , said frank muschetto , mcdonald s vice president of global supply chain management , in a statement ."
"the father of all fast food chains buys . million pounds of meat a year globally and with that type of purchasing power , mcdonald s can help to reverse the trend of antibiotics overuse in animal agriculture , said gwen ruta , program director for environmental defense ."
"the chain consulted widely with scientists and environmental pressure groups , including environmental defense , in drawing up its new policy making document ."
it also drew on the experience of its european division that began phasing out the antibiotics during .
"by the end of , all of the chain s european based poultry suppliers had eliminated growth promoting antibiotics for use in chicken feed ."
"suppliers will still be able to use antibiotics for therapeutic purposes and disease prevention , according to longest ."
"scientists are concerned that the widespread use of these antibiotics in animals , alongside the well documented over prescription of drugs by doctors , is contributing to rising human resistance to the drugs ."
"in particular , bacteria that live in the gastrointestinal systems of animals and develop an immunity to the drugs can sicken humans if they make it into the food chain in one form or another ."
"there are salmonella strains resistant to six different classes of antibiotics , noted becky goldburg , senior scientist at new york based environmental defense ."
"salmonella , one of the best known sources of food poisoning , can be fatal ."
a revolutionary new way of healing backs and bones could someday benefit millions .
"the experimental approach , which utilizes a genetically engineered protein to help the body grow new bone exactly where it is needed , has proven percent effective in early tests in patients with slipped vertebrae and fractures , researchers say ."
a very common back problem has been making year old vincent porretti s job painfully impossible .
he s the theater manager at an atlantic city casino .
porretti has a disorder afflicting percent of people over to some degree .
"one of his vertebrae , or backbones , has slipped against another , causing severe pain ."
porretti needed surgery to fuse four vertebrae together .
"usually , doctors take a bone graft from the patient s hip or put in metal rods to create the fusion ."
but both methods have serious side effects in percent of cases .
"alexander vaccaro of the rothman institute at thomas jefferson university in philadelphia , is the first to try a revolutionary approach ."
he puts in a putty that actually prompts the body to grow new bone exactly where the doctor wants it .
still experimental but expected to win approval from the u . s .
"the doctor simply adds water to a mix of two powders , and molds it like clay ."
a genetically engineered version of a natural body chemical that plays a major role in bone growth .
"doctors are testing the putty not just on backs but also on fractures of legs , arms and other bones ."
many say this is just the first step in a new technology that will transform orthopedic medicine .
"i think we will find that bones will heal much better , says dr ."
"thomas einhorn , chief of orthopedic surgery at boston university medical center ."
"and we will even be in a position where we may be able to regenerate entire segments of the skeleton , and restore patients who have really severe injuries ."
"so far , patients have had the spinal surgery with op putty with , vaccaro says , a percent success rate ."
"porretti says he was pain free immediately after surgery , despite having to wear a brace for a few weeks ."
derives from the ancient practice of using tattoos to brand thieves and slaves .
"but when police launched their nationwide search early this month for men with tattoos , they were looking for a new breed of criminals young men who have their bodies tattooed to evade the country s mandatory military service , crucial to its defense against communist north korea ."
some have been arrested on charges of willfully tampering with their bodies to avoid military duty a crime punishable by up to three years in prison .
"national media showed the disgraced youths , handcuffed , heads bowed , and tops undressed to reveal full backside tattoos of dragons , scaled fishes , birds and roses ."
"although there is no law against tattoos , south koreans have considered them symbols of disgrace , often associated with gangsters ."
the nation s conscription law rules men with large tattoos unfit for the military because they cause abomination among fellow soldiers .
most see military service as a sacred duty of manhood .
"by law , those seeking top government jobs or running for parliament must reveal not only their own service records but those of their children ."
but some youngsters complain that they have to interrupt careers and schooling .
disenchantment grew after repeated scandals showed that many of the country s rich and powerful pay bribes or help their sons get u . s . citizenship to keep them out of the military .
fat men eat more and skinny ones fast to win exemption .
some have doctored x ray photographs or had surgery to damage ligaments or knee cartilage .
"there is a need to warn those who would do anything to avoid military service , judge kim sung keun said early this month as he sentenced a year old father with two children to eight months in prison for using tattoos to avoid conscription ."
"authorities base their arrests , in some cases , on suspects history of military physical exams ."
"if a young man goes through one exam without overly large tattoos , but comes back for another round with an outsized dragon and secures an exemption , he would be under suspicion ."
investigators also have interviewed tattoo artists about the motives of their customers .
"in the early s , the country s military junta launched a crackdown on political dissidents and organized crime under its campaign for social purification ."
"historians say some ancient korean fishermen had full body tattoos , believing that would protect them from sea beasts when shipwrecked ."
slaves once carried tattoos on their forearms showing who owned them .
"confucianism , the centuries old primer on social behavior , urged koreans to preserve the body , hair and skin inherited from ancestors ."
"today , however , plastic surgery , hair dyeing and piercing are booming industries ."
"when soccer star and local sex symbol ahn jung hwan scored his winning goal against japan earlier this month , he threw off his shirt and flashed tattoos on both shoulders ."
"in the following days , i had times more people visiting my web site , said kang ho , a seoul tattooist who finds south korea s regulations on tattoos out of date and ridiculous ."
"martin luther king first made his way into my consciousness around , his was not a flattering image ."
"in my mind , king was lame ."
"he was square , in a sidney poitier kind of way , profiling his way through the pain of his people , always mindful of where the camera was ."
"as long as the weather was fair , he would breeze into a town and lead thousands in a demonstration ."
"hundreds would be arrested , including king ."
he would get bailed out that night and head to the next town with his snake oil brand of salvation .
"but by the black power movement , with which i then identified , had closed ranks around our brothers and sisters in the non violent civil rights movement ."
"there was a revolution going on , and everyone who was black was being swept up into it , like it or not ."
"led by king , even mainstream civil rights activists were risking more ."
he spoke against the vietnam war .
his life was a testament to his message
"the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice ."
"just look at how it bent a previously unwilling president ronald reagan to sign the martin luther king holiday law , only years after king s assassination ."
both the man and his mission grew out of our needs .
if king didn t exist we would have invented him .
our king emerged at a time when black royalty was in demand .
this is the american king i reflect on in
"martin luther king jr . , the aristocrat who ennobled his own people and even the nation , which tried to strip that royalty from him through constant undeserved abuse and eventual murder ."
"in the end , this nation elevated him to a pedestal no other american has ever occupied ."
"on any given day , about , items pack the four story warehouse , with , new ones trucked in every morning for an annual haul of , articles of clothing , , mobile phones , , eyeglasses and , wallets ."
"i m not surprised anymore by what people lose , says the custodian , veteran police officer nobuo hasuda as he pads along the cramped paths between caches of wheelchairs , snow shoes , motorcycle helmets , trumpets , porno videos ."
"march , and eyeglasses"
"as tokyo celebrates its th anniversary as japan s capital this summer , there is perhaps no better testimony to the city s rapid rise from tiny th century fishing village to megalopolis of million people than its downtown lost and found ."
"recently , someone turned in a martial arts suit for traditional japanese fencing freshly used and still reeking of sweat ."
"we had to wash it out because it smelled so bad , hasuda said , gesturing to the bulky blue garments strung between the steel racks to dry ."
"last year , about . million articles coursed through the center , making it possibly the world s single biggest lost and found ."
"about hopefuls visit each day to see if their lost keys , briefcases and billfolds are in the labyrinth of gray steel cabinets ."
"a . ton freight elevator shuttles the smorgasbord of goods between floors , while workers on cherry pickers snag items from the top shelves ."
"jewelry , computers and other valuables are locked away in a vault ."
"typical of a country obsessed with order and detail , every item is scrupulously labeled with time and place of recovery , then computer archived no matter how seemingly trivial ."
one good samaritan turned in a phone card worth only cents .
it s now tagged and waiting in a drawer cluttered with half used train passes .
"back in , a single cash stash of million yen , went unclaimed , and its finder became keeper , hasuda said ."
"after that , the items can be claimed by the finder , or else revert to the city ."
"items at the lost and found department of new york s grand central terminal , by contrast , are kept for just days , though items worth more than , yen us , must be kept for three years ."
"it has an average daily inventory of , goods and donates unclaimed possessions to charity ."
"tokyo keeps the cash and sells the unclaimed goods to junk dealers , adding million yen us . million to the city coffers every year ."
both tokyo and grand central claim a respectable percent or so of lost items get back to their owners .
"hasuda s staff of police officers tries to contact owners of other items whenever their identities can be gleaned from turned in documents , letters , bills or business cards ."
tetsuro takahashi was one of them .
the center called his cell phone operator when his red clamshell mobile turned up there two weeks ago .
"i m pretty lucky , the year old said after reclaiming the phone on a sunny afternoon ."
"chief justice rehnquist , president carter , president bush , president clinton , distinguished guests and my fellow citizens , the peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history , yet common in our country ."
"with a simple oath , we affirm old traditions and make new beginnings ."
"as i begin , i thank president clinton for his service to our nation ."
and i thank vice president gore for a contest conducted with spirit and ended with grace .
"i am honored and humbled to stand here , where so many of america s leaders have come before me , and so many will follow ."
"we have a place , all of us , in a long story"
"a story we continue , but whose end we will not see ."
"it is the story of a new world that became a friend and liberator of the old , a story of a slave holding society that became a servant of freedom , the story of a power that went into the world to protect but not possess , to defend but not to conquer ."
it is the american story
"a story of flawed and fallible people , united across the generations by grand and enduring ideals ."
americans are called to enact this promise in our lives and in our laws .
"and though our nation has sometimes halted , and sometimes delayed , we must follow no other course ."
"through much of the last century , america s faith in freedom and democracy was a rock in a raging sea ."
"now it is a seed upon the wind , taking root in many nations ."
"our democratic faith is more than the creed of our country , it is the inborn hope of our humanity , an ideal we carry but do not own , a trust we bear and pass along ."
"and even after nearly years , we have a long way yet to travel ."
"while many of our citizens prosper , others doubt the promise , even the justice , of our own country ."
the ambitions of some americans are limited by failing schools and hidden prejudice and the circumstances of their birth .
"and sometimes our differences run so deep , it seems we share a continent , but not a country ."
"we do not accept this , and we will not allow it ."
"our unity , our union , is the serious work of leaders and citizens in every generation ."
and this is my solemn pledge
i will work to build a single nation of justice and opportunity .
i know this is in our reach because we are guided by a power larger than ourselves who creates us equal in his image .
and we are confident in principles that unite and lead us onward .
america has never been united by blood or birth or soil .
"we are bound by ideals that move us beyond our backgrounds , lift us above our interests and teach us what it means to be citizens ."
every child must be taught these principles .
every citizen must uphold them .
"and every immigrant , by embracing these ideals , makes our country more , not less , american ."
"today , we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation s promise through civility , courage , compassion and character ."
"america , at its best , matches a commitment to principle with a concern for civility ."
but the stakes for america are never small .
"if our country does not lead the cause of freedom , it will not be led ."
"if we do not turn the hearts of children toward knowledge and character , we will lose their gifts and undermine their idealism ."
"if we permit our economy to drift and decline , the vulnerable will suffer most ."
we must live up to the calling we share .
"it is the determined choice of trust over cynicism , of community over chaos ."
"and this commitment , if we keep it , is a way to shared accomplishment ."
"america , at its best , is also courageous ."
"our national courage has been clear in times of depression and war , when defending common dangers defined our common good ."
now we must choose if the example of our fathers and mothers will inspire us or condemn us .
we must show courage in a time of blessing by confronting problems instead of passing them on to future generations .
"we will reform social security and medicare , sparing our children from struggles we have the power to prevent ."
"and we will reduce taxes , to recover the momentum of our economy and reward the effort and enterprise of working americans ."
"we will confront weapons of mass destruction , so that a new century is spared new horrors ."
the enemies of liberty and our country should make no mistake
"america remains engaged in the world by history and by choice , shaping a balance of power that favors freedom ."
we will defend our allies and our interests .
we will show purpose without arrogance .
we will meet aggression and bad faith with resolve and strength .
"and to all nations , we will speak for the values that gave our nation birth ."
hong kong ap hundreds of thousands of angry and worried hong kong residents marched peacefully on july tuesday to protest an anti subversion law in the territory s biggest rally since china used troops to crush a mainland student democracy movement in .
"hong kong people fear the law will undermine local freedoms of speech , press and assembly ."
"their massive protest vastly overshadowed official ceremonies earlier tuesday marking the sixth anniversary of hong kong s return to china on july , ."
"this will push hong kong toward an era of tyranny , said w . c ."
"mak , a year old retired nurse who hasn t demonstrated against anything since she joined the million people who flooded the streets in shock and rage after the tiananmen square crackdown ."
"an organizer of tuesday s protest , richard tsoi , said more than , people had turned out ."
"police said , people were on the streets during the peak of the demonstration , and said the total would have been higher ."
"they acknowledged it was the biggest protest here since the june , , crackdown in tiananmen square shocked hong kong ."
hong kong chief executive tung chen hwa issued a statement saying he was concerned so many people had protested .
tung reiterated assurances his government will continue to take active steps to maintain and safeguard rights and freedoms .
"critics are worried about mainland style suppression of dissent in hong kong , although the government insists that is not a concern and that constitutionally protected liberties will not be harmed ."
"the protesters , clad in black and waving signs , formed a long line of humanity as many as two dozen deep ."
the demonstration extended across a wide stretch of hong kong island and took six and a half hours before everybody could file past government headquarters .
"to commemorate the return of chinese sovereignty , a uniformed band played patriotic music earlier tuesday and helicopters dragged the chinese and hong kong flags through the sky as government leaders , including chinese premier wen jiabao , stood at silent attention ."
"activists outside torched the flag of the chinese communist party , demanding an end to its monopoly on power in the mainland and scuffling with police ."
wen was later asked about the anti subversion bill and told journalists it absolutely will not affect the different rights and freedoms that hong kong people including reporters enjoy under the law .
wen left hong kong before the march .
"vincent lui , a year old engineer who said he had never protested before , turned out with his wife and two small children , holding a black flag that said"
"when hong kong was returned to china in , an arrangement dubbed one country , two systems guaranteed the territory could maintain its liberties ."
but its mini constitution also required that it pass an anti subversion law .
"it s like a knife on top of our heads , said lo chi yin , who like many here expressed worries about his children s future ."
smaller numbers of people voiced support for the law .
"hong kong fishermen sailed dozens of boats around the harbor , flying the chinese flag high to show their patriotism ."
a pro beijing group staged a carnival and soccer tournament that attracted a few thousand people .
"religious groups , human rights activists and journalists are among those who fear their activities will be curtailed ."
some business executives worry about the free flow of information viewed as crucial in this leading financial center .
ex illness has curtailed her sporting activities .
perhaps even the key to solving some current environmental ills .
and the field is advancing rapidly .
"the national science foundation has been cutting its timetable for the release of nanotech fueled products from five or years to two or three years , said mihail roco , nsf s senior adviser on nanotechnology ."
"the current state of nanotechnology mirrors the level of development in the field of polymers and plastics in the s , when it was in its infancy , said kevin ausman , director of the rice university center for biological and environmental nanotechnology ."
"the plastics industry quickly expanded , of course , providing the materials for a large portion of manufactured goods ."
"nsf s national nanotechnology initiative , which leads the u . s . government s efforts in the field , has been researching nanotechnology s potential environmental benefits ."
"roco and other proponents say that , for instance , filter systems for drinking or waste water , natural gas pipelines and smokestacks can be designed at the molecular level , to remove even the most minuscule of impurities ."
"for water , that means cleaner drinking ."
"for gas , finer filtration means cleaner burning , with fewer smog creating impurities ."
and industrial plants may be able to use more sensitive emission scrubbers that screen even nano sized flecks of soot from waste gases .
nanoparticles are also being examined for use as sensors to monitor air or drinking water for the presence of toxins .
"pollution absorbing nanoparticles that can be used to clean up tainted water or soil is another concept under study , roco said ."
means that products will be smaller .
"there is less waste in the production process and in the trash , when nano devices are discarded at the end of their lives , roco said ."
"kaesong , north korea ap a steel propaganda tower stood forlorn , a symbol of north korean anachronism ."
"paint peeling off , it carried a slogan that bears little connection with the reality of the impoverished country"
let s revamp our lives with our own strength !
"a kilometer half a mile away , communist authorities welcomed a swarm of capitalist investors from south korea ."
"young north korean women , their tan rugged faces softened by cheap cosmetics , smiled and danced with regimented grace ."
a sound system blared a high pitched song
"yes , i am glad to see you too , an old south korean entrepreneur said to a shy north korean woman handing him a flower ."
"the groundbreaking ceremony on june monday for a joint industrial park near the inter korean border revealed a country at odds with itself , a totalitarian regime striving to rebuild its shattered economy with outside help while keeping up its harsh tone on its suspected nuclear weapons program ."
"contradictions abounded in kaesong , an ancient city just north of the border ."
"red and white slogans called for loyalty to leader kim jong il , the sun of the st century , and urged people to defend our way of living with our lives ."
"muscled soldiers and workers in roadside murals brandished bayonets to beat the u . s . imperialists , our sworn enemy !"
"at each tourist stop , however , kaesong people were eager to make a few american dollars ."
"they displayed ginseng , porcelain , traditional paintings , and even adder liquor a bottle of fiery whiskey with a coiled , discolored snake in it ."
"when a clerk lifted a bottle by its neck , the cap came loose ."
she calmly replaced it and put the bottle back on display .
kaesong was once korea s capital and commercial hub .
its traders were the first koreans to practice bookkeeping .
"today , communist clerks armed with electronic calculators handled u . s . dollars , euros and even south korean won as deftly as a department store clerk in seoul ."
"kaesong , a shade below the th parallel , was part of south korea before the korean war ."
"when a new border was drawn at the end of the war , it became part of north korea ."
now the city hopes to attract south korean investors and tourists a dream vulnerable to nuclear tensions on the divided peninsula .
"in this old korean center of trade , we hope to open a new chapter of prosperity together with south korea , said choe hyun gu , a north korean trade official ."
"communist authorities have turned an ancient confucian temple , songkyunkwan , into a museum and planned to open its oldest neighborhoods to southern tourists ."
"a middle aged female guide said she once escorted leader kim jong il s late father , president kim il sung , through the museum , and it remained her happiest memory ."
"from a hill , a shining bronze statue of the senior kim , the north s demigod , stood overlooking streets lined with old zelkova and ginkgo trees ."
"although kaesong is a major provincial city , it had few cars a cultural shock for day trippers from traffic congested seoul ."
shops kept their doors closed and few people were seen inside .
"impoverished yet heavily militarized , the country describes every aspect of daily life as a heroic struggle ."
a smaller sign said it really was a pepper paste factory .
"all people walked , men in their dark brown mao style khaki attire and women in baggy pants and nylon shirts with flower decorations ."
school children wore red scarves and walked as if marching .
"without electricity , men fought the summer heat by keeping windows open and staying topless ."
many waved at the air conditioned south korean tourist buses .
a small girl in rags digging in a roadside ditch stood awe struck by the buses coming her way .
"closer to the border , north korea built a propaganda village , kijong dong , with clean apartment buildings ."
"but a mile behind it , low slung , identical huts of cinderblocks and gray tiles clustered on hills shorn of trees ."
sunken roofs were patched with plastic sheets .
"new hyundai earth movers , lent by the south , were doing all the work to build a cross border road that will eventually link seoul and kaesong ."
the fact that north korea is allowing south koreans to see the embarrassing foibles of its system shows its eagerness for economic help .
newly built front line billboards near concrete tank traps showed a cherubic boy and girl and exhorted
"at the end of the tour day , south koreans found there was more than one price system in north korea ."
one reporter bought a bottle of red ginseng whiskey for eight euros and hours later he found another shop selling it for just five euros .
"america , at its best , is compassionate ."
"in the quiet of american conscience , we know that deep , persistent poverty is unworthy of our nation s promise ."
"and whatever our views of its cause , we can agree that children at risk are not at fault ."
"and the proliferation of prisons , however necessary , is no substitute for hope and order in our souls ."
"where there is suffering , there is duty ."
"americans in need are not strangers , they are citizens , not problems , but priorities ."
and all of us are diminished when any are hopeless .
"government has great responsibilities for public safety and public health , for civil rights and common schools ."
"yet compassion is the work of a nation , not just a government ."
and some needs and hurts are so deep they will only respond to a mentor s touch or a pastor s prayer .
"many in our country do not know the pain of poverty , but we can listen to those who do ."
and i can pledge our nation to a goal
"when we see that wounded traveler on the road to jericho , we will not pass to the other side ."
"america , at its best , is a place where personal responsibility is valued and expected ."
"encouraging responsibility is not a search for scapegoats , it is a call to conscience ."
"and though it requires sacrifice , it brings a deeper fulfillment ."
"we find the fullness of life not only in options , but in commitments ."
and we find that children and community are the commitments that set us free .
sometimes in life we are called to do great things .
"but as a saint of our times has said , every day we are called to do small things with great love ."
the most important tasks of a democracy are done by everyone .
i will live and lead by these principles
"to advance my convictions with civility , to pursue the public interest with courage , to speak for greater justice and compassion , to call for responsibility and try to live it as well ."
"in all these ways , i will bring the values of our history to the care of our times ."
what you do is as important as anything government does .
i ask you to seek a common good beyond your comfort
to defend needed reforms against easy attacks
"to serve your nation , beginning with your neighbor ."
i ask you to be citizens
"citizens , not spectators"
"responsible citizens , building communities of service and a nation of character ."
"when this spirit of citizenship is missing , no government program can replace it ."
"when this spirit is present , no wrong can stand against it ."
"after the declaration of independence was signed , virginia statesman john page wrote to thomas jefferson"
we know the race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong .
do you not think an angel rides in the whirlwind and directs this storm ?
much time has passed since jefferson arrived for his inauguration .
the years and changes accumulated .
but the themes of this day he would know
our nation s grand story of courage and its simple dream of dignity .
"we are not this story s author , who fills time and eternity with his purpose ."
"yet his purpose is achieved in our duty , and our duty is fulfilled in service to one another ."
this work continues .
and an angel still rides in the whirlwind and directs this storm .
and its top shareholder lg group over a bailout offer from a u . s . consortium .
"information and communication minister chin dae je urged lg , the country s second largest conglomerate , and hanaro to settle the dispute on their own ."
"hanaro s union supports the plan to borrow million dollars from the consortium and the sale to it of new shares worth million dollars , arguing that lg will not be able to resolve the company s debt problems ."
hanaro needs to repay a billion won debt in the second half .
"ten board members including an lg representative are engaged in lengthy debate on aig s offer , hanaro spokesman kim song bae told afp ."
"the board is trying to make a decision today , although we cannot say when the results will come , he added ."
"lg , which holds a percent stake in hanaro , has opposed the proposed share sale which would allow the us consortium to acquire a percent stake in the broadband service provider ."
"instead , the conglomerate proposed that hanaro make a billion won million dollars rights issue , which it would then take up ."
"lg insists the consortium s offer of , won per share is below the fair market price ."
"in response , the consortium has raised its bid to , won , hanaro said , adding that if the offer was accepted , aig would become the largest shareholder in the company ."
"aig chairman hank greenberg , on a visit to seoul last week , said"
we believe that the consortium s bid is fair and would benefit investors and the shareholders and the country in the long run .
the government is seeking the slow but steady consolidation of south korea s telecom industry which has become becalmed due to overlapping investments and competition .
"our foremost policy goal is to create a fair and competitive market system that effectively works . . . whether it s run by two or three groups does not matter , chin said ."
"the hanaro lg dispute highlights efforts by south korean telecom firms to get through a period of slow growth , stricter government regulations on subsidies for mobile phone handsets and weak consumption caused by an economic downturn ."
hanaro s rich subscriber base would help lg take on market leader kt corp .
"lg has also indicated it could acquire thrunet co , a troubled minor internet service provider ."
"in iran this week , the supreme court upheld a death sentence by stoning for a woman convicted of murdering her husband ."
"however , a quirk of islamic law says she can go free if she manages to escape while the stoning is taking place ."
"last week in saudi arabia , three people , including a mother and her daughter were beheaded for murder ."
decapitation for capital crimes such as murder and adultery in saudi arabia are routine .
"public amputations of fingers , hands and sometimes feet are performed in iran , the saudi kingdom and by the ruling taliban in afghanistan ."
"men also face harsh punishment under sharia law in countries such as saudia arabia and iran , but sentences delivered by the courts tend to be biased against women ."
"the plaintiff in the case was a male , who sued kuwait s interior ministry for refusing to write the names of five women , including his own wife , into the parliamentary electoral rolls last year ."
"the same court , the highest in kuwait , has thrown out four similar pleas filed by female activists who claimed kuwait s electoral law barring female voting was discriminatory and unconstitutional ."
"kuwait s supreme ruler , or emir , sheikh jaber al ahmad al sabah , issued a decree in may granting women full political rights and his cabinet approved the decree ."
kuwait is the only gulf state monarchy with a freely elected parliament .
"after the last elections in july , women raised the intensity of the campaign for voting rights ."
"khawthar al jouan , a female lawyer who helped fight the latest case in court , told reporters in kuwait"
we will continue the way we have started .
we will not be discouraged .
the comments by chinese president hu jintao and south korean president roh moo hyun came at the start of a visit aimed at strengthening ties between the two countries and addressing the north s nuclear ambitions .
"in order to fully and satisfactorily resolve the north korean nuclear issue . . . we must open up channels between all concerned parties as soon as possible , roh said at a news conference following closed door meetings ."
"and in order to reach a consensus , all sides need to make relentless efforts ."
hu said both countries agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the korean peninsula and . . . to peacefully resolve the situation on the korean peninsula .
"we want to avoid the situation getting out of hand , so we need to deepen our efforts to make a breakthrough , hu said ."
"at the same time we think we must earnestly consider the security concerns of north korea , hu said ."
china is reclusive north korea s leading ally and has said it wants korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons a stand hu repeated in his comments .
"in april , it hosted the first formal talks between washington and pyongyang since the nuclear dispute started in october ."
roh called for beijing to play a constructive role in resolving the dispute over the north s nuclear program .
"roh also was to meet premier wen jiabao and wu bangguo , chairman of china s legislature , and visit shanghai during his four day visit ."
about cabinet ministers and top south korean businessmen were accompanying roh .
"china and south korea have enjoyed stable and growing political ties since forming diplomatic relations in , as well as booming trade and investment links ."
"the two are each other s third biggest trade partners , and north korea has invested about billion in china , much of it near their border ."
"twenty two years in human resources , and it still affects me , natalie said ."
there s no way you can grow accustomed to dealing with it .
"last month , natalie got the bad news herself ."
"the company i was with decided to downsize , and that left us with a fairly large mortgage , no income and no healthcare benefits , she said ."
"i ve learned that no matter what level of job you have , it makes no difference ."
you end up on an emotional roller coaster .
"more and more , people are learning that the psychological toll can be as important as any of the financial problems that may result ."
"friends , former colleagues , loved ones and the community ."
they need to cry a lot .
"there are a number of good therapies that people can use , that encompass physical , spiritual and emotional components ."
common sense advice includes eating right and getting plenty of sleep and exercise .
i can remember making more mistakes than right decisions .
"people always think that unemployment happens to the other person , he added ."
and one day you wake up and you are that person .
"extra vigilance is necessary as the months pass to prevent a depression , experts warned , pointing out the importance of looking for the best in life ."
it s not a disease .
you will get through it .
"new york afp half a century after its publication , john steinbeck s east of eden topped the new york times bestseller list this week , leaving publishers bowing in gratitude to talk show queen oprah winfrey ."
"after a year long hiatus , oprah s book club is back , and the sales surge that greeted the selection of steinbeck s classic shows she has lost none of her clout with the american public ."
"penguin now has more than . million copies in print and has sold close to , copies nationwide in just three weeks ."
"prior to the book s selection , east of eden had averaged annual sales of around , copies ."
"it really is the power of oprah , donelly said . people just really missed the book club ."
"oprah suspended her six year old club in april , saying that her numerous other activities meant she didn t have enough time to read ."
"the decision sent a shudder through the publishing industry , which had come to rely on the selections that would guarantee a minimum , copy increase in sales for any chosen title"
or an additional five million dollars in revenue .
"at the time , jane friedman , ceo of harpercollins , got a desperate e mail ."
one of my colleagues had written to me one word
"the reincarnated book club will differ slightly from the original , offering just four or five selections a year with a focus on classic works , rather than books by living authors ."
concerns that classics may lack popular appeal were quickly dispelled by the phenomenal spike in east of eden sales .
"we didn t see that before when oprah had chosen other titles , before she dissolved her club ."
"its return has only served to underline the cultural influence exerted by the year old winfrey who , earlier this year , became the first black woman ever to make forbes magazine s list of global billionaires ."
"cattle prices plummeted the day the show aired , and kept heading south for two weeks , in what beef traders called the oprah crash of ."
ex some people believe they may be reincarnated in the form of an animal .
ex the company is trying to dispel rumors about a take over .
ex police slapped him with a speeding ticket .
ex he slapped her with a lawsuit .
how is japan seen in the eyes of the rest of the world ?
"japan was a confident , youthful and ascendant nation , but also one that inspired nervousness , sometimes fear ."
"that was in the go go s , though ."
"and in a surprise twist , wal mart would turn out to be a hero , not a villain ."
just such a drama will unfold in japan after wal mart opens its first megastore in the country in .
"the arrival will elicit cheers in some corners , protests elsewhere ."
but its biggest symbolic impact will be to challenge outdated perceptions of japan .
"the launch will show how asia s biggest economy has opened dramatically to global commerce , transforming itself in the minds of multinational corporations into one of the world s most important new markets ."
japan s cityscapes already glow with neon signs that prove the point
"starbuck s , toys r us , kinko s and even cadillac ."
"japanese internet users routinely tap yahoo , aol and other silicon valley inventions to help them circulate in cyberspace ."
"twenty years ago , a japanese man would have apologized if his son or daughter went to work for an american company , says outgoing u . s ."
ambassador to japan thomas foley .
that s not true today .
perceptions of japan have changed just as fundamentally .
"these days america s perceived rival in asia is china , not tokyo ."
"and the stereotypical asian billionaire of the moment is the hong kong it tycoon , richard li ."
"as japan deregulates , foreign banks , brokerages and industrial groups are building subsidiaries and , incredibly , buying japanese companies outright ."
"across asia , once the favored backyard for japanese conglomerates , tiger economies are scrambling to reduce their dependence on japan s capital and markets ."
the new consensus is that japan is in decline .
japan could slip from its position as the world s third largest economy behind the u . s . and euroland by .
the blowup could prove an embarrassment for prime minister junichiro koizumi s government ahead of the aug .
anniversary of the end of world war ii .
"takami eto , a year old three time cabinet minister who leads the third largest faction in the ruling liberal democratic party , dismissed as a big lie estimates that the japanese army killed as many as , civilians during the occupation of the chinese city of nanjing , then called nanking ."
"to say , people were killed in the rape of nanking is a pure fabrication , a big lie , eto was quoted as saying saturday july in a speech to a local party chapter , according to the asahi newspaper and other national dailies ."
"historians generally agree that at least , civilians were killed , but estimates can run as high as , ."
some japanese nationalist scholars and conservative lawmakers say the figures are inflated
a museum at a shrine to japan s war dead says the people of nanjing were once again able to live their lives in peace after the japanese army took over the city .
eto has caused controversy before for similar remarks .
neither he nor his aides could be reached sunday to confirm the statements .
foreign ministry spokesman kong quan said there was ironclad evidence that the nanjing massacre was an atrocity committed by japanese militarism during the war of aggression in china .
"any attempts to distort or deny history would be unsuccessful , the spokesman said in a statement ."
a south korean foreign ministry official warned that a failure to come to grips with the past could set back future relations between the two neighbors .
"we once again emphasize that without japan s correct understanding of history , it is difficult to sincerely develop relations between the two countries ."
"in , eto was forced to resign his cabinet post as minister for coordination after saying japan did some good things when it ruled korea as a colony between and ."
"conservative politicians periodically rile japan s neighbors by defending the country s record of aggression during the decades leading up to world war ii . in , then justice minister shigeto nagano had to resign after calling the rape of nanking a fabrication ."
try to make sth appear less important than it is
ex the events led up to the outbreak of war .
"this should be the golden year for kim dae jung , insist those who remain loyal ."
"his final year as the president of south korea , they say , ought to be filled with national affection and appreciation ."
but there is little love for kim dae jung in his homeland .
"instead of a statesman retiring with respect , he is finishing his political life scorned or ignored by his countrymen ."
"he is reduced to being a figurehead brought out by aides to try to show that at , he is still healthy and relevant ."
"parliament has bluntly rejected his last two nominees for prime minister , and lawmakers react to the president s most routine communications with disdain ."
"kim resigned from his own millennium democratic party to try to save it , but it is likely to split up anyway ."
the party s nominee to replace him is going nowhere in the polls .
"worse , kim s reputation for integrity"
the trait that carried him through courageous battles with a succession of dictators and as many as five attempts on his life
"two of his sons have been charged with influence peddling , seeming to follow the tradition of corruption that kim had long preached against ."
his closest political aide is among a dozen members of his inner circle who have been caught up in various scandals .
"and though the president has not been implicated , south korean voters say kim must take the blame ."
he really disappointed the country .
"he proved that he , too , is a politician , and all politicians are corrupt in this country , said one seoul resident , kang byung kyu , ."
"nearly every south korean president has been reviled at the end of his term , said donald p . gregg , a former u . s . ambassador and former cia station chief ."
he helped save kim from an execution attempt in by security agents of the south korean dictatorship .
"korean presidents fall victim to the expectation game that they are going to solve all the problems of the country , said gregg in an interview ."
"when they don t , people focus on what they haven t done , rather than what they have ."
"among them gregg , who counts the south korean president as one of the great asian leaders"
describe kim s tragedy in shakespearean terms
the strengths that brought him to office became the very factors that have helped bring about his public downfall .
"beijing ap less than a year ago , yang bin was an orchid selling sensation ranked as china s second richest man ."
"he had a fortune estimated at million , an equally outsize personality and a new appointment to lead a north korean free trade zone ."
"on monday july , yang was sentenced to years in prison after being convicted of fraud and bribery , a stunning downfall for a leader of china s new capitalist class ."
"he s done , said steve tsang , director of the asian studies center of st ."
yang s conviction came amid a chinese crackdown on tax evasion and a series of investigations of leading business figures for possible tax and financial offenses .
"a court in the northeastern city of shenyang convicted yang of all charges , including the illegal use of agricultural land , contract fraud , forgery of financial documents and offering and taking bribes , according to an assistant to his defense lawyer ."
a woman who answered the phone at the court said she had no idea about the sentence and refused further comment .
"she would only give her family name , liu ."
"yang , , is a chinese born dutch citizen who says he made his fortune selling orchids ."
his shenyang based company also was building a dutch themed housing development .
"forbes magazine estimated his fortune in million , but his businesses have shrunk since his arrest and his current worth is unknown ."
the official xinhua news agency also reported yang s conviction .
"it said the forgery involved us million , while the bribes totaled us , . the report gave few other details ."
"though severe by western standards , yang s penalty was normal for china , which sometimes executes people for nonviolent offenses such as tax evasion or smuggling , said joseph cheng , a political scientist with city university of hong kong ."
"i think the chinese side certainly understands that the world is watching , he said ."
"in another high profile case , chinese and hong kong authorities are investigating shanghai tycoon chau ching gai and his companies , which are said to be suspected of misusing bank loans to play the stock market ."
"chau , also known as zhou zhengyi , was estimated by forbes to be worth us million ."
"such investigations have spread unease among china s new rich , many of whom have operated until recently with little regulation and who frequently are suspected of buying influence and exploiting political connections ."
"bai jianjun , a law professor at peking university , said yang s conviction was a message to chinese capitalists ."
the message being sent is that the government will crack down on people who try to get rich illegally and buy power with money .
yang moved to the netherlands in and won political asylum after the pro democracy protests in tiananmen square .
"he ran a textile business , returning to china with us million to start a cut flower business ."
the sinuiju special administrative region was touted as an attempt by the north s communist regime to engage the outside world and revive its crippled economy following a capitalist model .
"the rotund , chain smoking yang promised the square mile square kilometer area would be totally capitalist ."
"but china , which had encouraged north korea to imitate its economic reforms , gave a lukewarm reception to yang s appointment ."
he was called in shortly after that for police questioning and accused of failing to pay millions of dollars in taxes .
it was unclear whether the summons was meant as a sign of chinese displeasure with his appointment to serve pyongyang .
"for months , the government and state media were silent about yang s fate and the investigation ."
his employees said all communication had been cut off .
"on monday , state television showed yang looking wan as he stood in his signature white polo shirt before three judges in the shenyang court ."
"his lawyer , tian wenchang , said he already had appealed ."
"in our survey , only per cent of americans and per cent of south koreans called the japanese admirable ."
"in the new survey , percent of americans and percent of south koreans apply that term to the japanese ."
"while percent of americans claimed that the japanese took away markets and jobs from firms in the u . s . in , percent agree with that assertion today ."
"to be sure , japan still faces image problems , old and new ."
one recent criticism that tokyo isn t doing enough to promote the regional economy stems from the asian financial crisis .
"in china , however , the major bilateral beef remains tokyo s failure to atone for imperial japan s bloody atrocities during world war ii ."
"in korea , which recently lifted its longstanding ban on japanese books , films and music , wartime hatred can t keep the two cultures from drawing closer together ."
"their visitor , in turn , gushed about leading man han so kyu , a south korean robert redford whose recent spy thriller shuri ranked among the top foreign films in japan in ."
"when , for example , the gap introduced japan to casual fashion in the early s , khaki rapidly infiltrated most every wardrobe in japan ."
"then an unknown japanese apparel company , fast retailing , produced cheaper , trendier casual wear that fit better and cost less ."
"the company s brand , uniqlo , is now such a sensation in japan that plans are in the works to open a string of stores in london , where the principal competitor will be the gap ."
pound gorillas aren t always the enemy .
"but in less time than it takes most people to commute to work , you re at the doorstep of north korea , communist alter ego of the buoyantly capitalist south ."
"this is panmunjom , the truce village and a meeting point of the two koreas ground zero of what s left of the cold war ."
"brian davis , who is stationed at the demilitarized zone ."
"he says it reminds him of groundhog day , the american film in which a man trapped in time has to live the same day over and over ."
"groundhog day in its unfunny , nuclear tinged korean format marks a milestone on sunday , july the th anniversary of the armistice that ended the korean war ."
"the guns may have fallen silent , but north korea s suspected attempts to develop atomic weapons highlight the potential for another , even more destructive conflict ."
"the armistice is a reminder of the failure to achieve a lasting peace , but it s also a date largely forgotten by south koreans ."
"it is not something to celebrate , just something to accept as a fact , said paik sun yup , a retired south korean general who fought in the , day war that left up to million people dead , wounded or missing , half of them civilians ."
"president harry s . truman s attempt to contain the spread of communism without sparking a wider war with china or the soviet union cost , american lives in combat , with more than , missing ."
"about , south korean soldiers and , from the nations that joined the united states under the u . n . flag also died ."
communist military deaths north koreans and the chinese who intervened five months into the war are estimated in the hundreds of thousands .
"twelve hours later , the time the truce took effect will be marked with a gun salute at u . s . military headquarters in seoul ."
"north korea s propaganda machine casts the war as a victory , rather than the stalemate that it was ."
"its government hasn t announced any commemorations , but is expected to do so with choreographed rallies and defiant , anti american rhetoric ."
"these will likely be held in pyongyang , kilometers miles from the demilitarized zone , or dmz ."
the war was one of stunning reversals .
seoul changed hands four times and was almost destroyed .
"the u . s . led forces were twice routed , while the inchon landings led by u . s ."
douglas macarthur were among the most daring and successful amphibious operations in history .
"its legacy is , u . s . troops still on south korean soil , and months of military service for every south korean male ."
"yet once out of military uniform , most south koreans plunge into the capitalist free for all with barely a look back ."
"as long as the north korean issue doesn t hurt the economy , i am not too concerned and am not too interested in the matter . another side of oneself ground zero"
"tools to combat global warming are ready , and many have developed more quickly than once predicted , but using them will require political fortitude , according to a major u . n . climate report ."
it was approved over the weekend by a u . n . panel charged with looking for ways to mitigate climate change .
"known as greenhouse gases because they retain heat in the atmosphere , carbon dioxide and several other gases are thought by many scientists to be contributing to climate change ."
"advances are taking place in a wide range of technologies at different stages of development , the report said ."
"the use and lifetime extension of nuclear power plants could provide an important contribution to emission cuts , the report said ."
"a climate change treaty calls for nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and the new report said that hundreds of technologies and techniques are available that could account for more than half of the proposed reductions ."
"microsoft is taking its video game foray into difficult territory not since the days of atari has a major u . s . company attempted to defeat the japanese game giants though microsoft stunned analysts with an unexpectedly strong xbox launch in the u . s . last november , it may be an uphill battle for the world s number one software company in japan ."
two manhattan restaurants are feeling some legal pressure over the use of the viagra name .
"pfizer is threatening trendy new york restaurants chicama and sabor if they don t remove a seafood dish which contains mussels , shrimp and clams but no viagra , has been a popular fixture on the restaurants menus owing to its uplifting side effects ."
"in an unprecedented move against a sitting vice president , the investigative arm of congress filed a federal court suit challenging vice president dick cheney s refusal to hand over documents related to national energy policy ."
the general accounting office has been trying documenting closed door meetings of the white house s energy task force .
last year s wave of new virus attacks could be duplicated this year .
"like their wireline cousins , including mobile phones , pdas , and laptops hooked up to wireless local area networks ."
"one of the first reported wireless viruses was aimed at the palm os , developed by palm computing , and released in september ."
"has unveiled the latest member of its family of jets , at the asian aviation market ."
"at the asian aerospace trade fair federal reserve chairman alan greenspan expressed cautious optimism about the u . s . economy , saying a recovery from its first recession in a decade was on the way , but it would likely be muted ."
despite the disruptions engendered by the terrorist attacks of sept .
the report also said the economic benefits could actually exceed the costs in many cases .
"the other half , it said , could have a net direct cost of up to per ton of carbon ."
the report also endorsed giving nations wide latitude in deciding how to go about achieving reductions .
"it s out there , it s just a matter of liberating it , giving incentives to companies , removing the barriers to rolling out new technologies and changes in the system to make it all work ."
the report noted that governments will have to encourage those changes .
"most model results indicate that known technological options could achieve a broad range of atmospheric co stabilization levels over the next years or more , but implementation would require associated socio economic and institutional changes , it said ."
"the second , released in geneva in february , found that if warming through greenhouse gases was not slowed and then turned around in coming decades , the planet could see huge floods , spreading disease and social chaos ."
"the reports come as nations try to work out ways to implement the accord drafted in kyoto , japan ."
"the united states and europe have been at odds , with europe demanding significant , real cuts while the united states wants to encourage emissions trading and carbon traps , which would store co underground ."
skeptics of the u . n . led negotiations stress that the reports themselves highlight that significant uncertainties exist surrounding the science of climate change .
in the western indian city of ahmedabad in retaliation for the attack on a train that killed dozens of hindus .
"a wave of arson and rioting left more than people dead , including a dozen children , in the western indian state of gujarat ."
"authorities imposed a curfew in towns , including parts of ahmedabad , according to gujarat s home secretary , k . nityanandan ."
signs that the hard hit manufacturing sector finally turned a corner launched a powerful u . s . stock market rally that sent the dow jones industrial average to a six month high .
"narrowing its year to date loss , after the institute of supply management said its factory activity index snapped an month slump ."
"a ruling party lawmaker has agreed to testify under oath about his links to an alleged bid rigging scandal , and threatening his reform agenda ."
"the decision by the ruling liberal democratic party ldp heavyweight , muneo suzuki , followed a report by the foreign ministry the lawmaker had meddled in ministry affairs but stopped short of proving he had broken any laws ."
it would only respond to u . s . calls for talks and adopted policies of the previous clinton administration .
the european union has already said it will seek wto intervention .
wanda stoy has already lost pounds and wants to lose more .
"when she gets the urge to snack , she goes right to her computer"
to get help from a weight loss buddy on an internet diet chat room .
"stoy s chat room , which is affiliated with the non profit group take off pounds sensibly tops , has about , members ."
it s one of many diet chat sites on the web .
encouragement and advice around the clock .
"support is essential to losing weight , said howard rankin , a clinical psychologist who helps people lose weight ."
some doctors have been concerned about replacing face to face contact with virtual contact .
but a study in this week s journal of the american medical association suggests that weight loss is possible over the internet .
"in the study of overweight people , were assigned to use a variety of online weight loss methods ."
"the participants had one face to face group meeting with a psychologist , and then had access to an online bulletin board ."
they also received individualized advice from a diet expert via weekly e mails and sent back exercise and food intake diaries .
people in the group lost about nine pounds in three months and kept it off for another three months .
"this weight loss was comparable to that achieved in commercial programs , but not as good as losses in behavioral programs , where participants typically lost pounds in weeks ."
the other half of the participants took part in one introductory group weight loss session led by a psychologist and were then given links to internet weight loss web sites .
study subjects in that group lost almost four pounds in three months and kept it off for another three months .
what s more important than short term weight loss is how do you stay committed ?
how do you keep going when you re not doing very well ?
wanda stoy said she uses hers in addition to weekly face to face meetings with her local chapter of tops .
"computer security companies are warning that will try to delete and overwrite files on infected computers the worm , dubbed klez . e , is programmed on the sixth day of every other month , said mikko hypponen , manager of antivirus research at f secure ."
"nearly half a billion people around the world had access to the internet from their homes by the end of last year , according to market research firm nielsen netratings ."
the classified pentagon information says nuclear weapons could be used nuclear targeting discussions have been a part of u . s . military strategy but analysts told that would be the first official one to come to light .
"chinese authorities are planning to increase use of lethal injection as a method for execution as a civilized way of enforcing the law , state media has reported ."
"according to the official xinhua news agency , after a series of experiments on animals and what it described as a favorable response to the practice from both condemned criminals and their relatives ."
"officials from bangladesh , sri lanka , india , china , hong kong , japan , south korea and all members of the association of southeast asian nations have gathered in tokyo for a two day conference aimed at stemming the growing problem of maritime piracy to safeguard shipping lanes in asian waters where violence and kidnapping are rampant , and also the event s sponsor ."
"a texas jury found andrea yates guilty of capital murder , rejecting her claim that she was insane when she drowned her five children in a bathtub after more than three weeks of testimony , including complex and often conflicting statements from prosecution and defense psychiatrists , the verdict from the jury of eight women and four men came quickly , after three hours and minutes of deliberation ."
"like a giant amoeba in the sky , the ozone hole above antarctica has divided into two parts , which have spread away from the southernmost continent ."
"the surprising development is the first of its kind since nasa and other u . s . agencies began monitoring the ozone hole , a seasonal vortex high in the atmosphere , more than two decades ago ."
"ozone is part of the stratosphere , which stretches from six to miles above the earth s surface ."
"ozone shields the planet from dangerous ultraviolet solar rays , which can cause skin cancer ."
"in fact , without the ozone layer , life as we know it could not exist ."
recent satellite images reveal that the ozone hole had shrunk considerably compared with the previous two years .
scientists caution that the data are insufficient to conclude that the fragile ozone layer is on the mend .
"moreover , the hole had dwindled in size before the split because of unusually warm temperatures in the atmosphere , according to nasa ozone scientist paul newman ."
"between and , the ozone hole reached more than million square km ."
"the hole was the largest ever recorded at about million square km , roughly three times the size of the united states ."
"preliminary estimates from early september suggest that the seasonal hole had dwindled to about million square km , according to nasa ."
the air over the south pole usually becomes coolest in august and september .
"the frigid weather is associated with the formation of thin clouds , where the floating industrial chemicals eat up the fragile ozone molecules ."
"by october , the atmospheric region warms up and the hole begins to disappear ."
"east asia will be the world s fastest growing economic region the world bank says , with growth likely to hit . percent ."
"after the sharpest global slowdown in almost years last year , economic recovery has started , beginning in the united states and east asia ."
"even with this recovery , growth in will still be very limited ."
"its sixth test of its missile defense system was a success , meaning it intercepted an intercontinental ballistic missile about minutes after it was launched ."
"this test was similar to a december test , the latest ballistic missile carried three decoy balloons designed to confuse the exoatmospheric kill vehicle , the device that seeks out the ballistic missile ."
chinese vice foreign minister li zhaoxing has summoned the u . s . ambassador to express beijing s strong indignation and resolute opposition to what it perceives as growing american support for taiwan .
nasa and the german space agency have successfully launched two satellites to study earth s gravity field .
a half brother of osama bin laden says the terrorist s family has its own information that bin laden is alive and that he does not have kidney disease requiring dialysis .
"in an interview with a cnn correspondent , sheikh ahmad who did not want his last name revealed he does not believe that could be behind the september attacks against the united states ."
"e mail will not overtake paper mail anytime soon in the home , in large part because women use the latter to control the flow of domestic information , according to a new study ."
they haven t been designed for how people behave in the home .
letters do more than communicate .
"women primarily manage the mail flow to control the household , the report said ."
"they are the ones who skim , sort and position letters in strategic locations for other people to see ."
"in many cases , for example , bills go where husbands will see them ."
"after a day or two , the women will take away the bill and pay it ."
paper mail offers many advantages over e mail in a domestic setting .
it is easy to share unlike the inherently private e mail .
the report surveyed more than mail users in britain and included experiments related to patterns of letter and e mail sorting .
investigation over white house e mail glitch
the justice department is conducting a criminal investigation into an e mail glitch at the white house that resulted in the failure to turn over hundreds of messages that had been subpoenaed by congress .
outside contractors in charge of operating the white house electronic mail system testified before a house committee that they were instructed by high ranking white house staff not to discuss an ongoing e mail server problem .
"president bill clinton s south asian tour took him to rural india on thursday , where he heard about efforts to bring equality to women in traditional , male dominated villages ."
"mexico and the european union signed an ambitious free trade agreement , which will give eu companies more access to a major latin american market and reduce mexican dependence on the united states ."
"the agreement would give mexican producers access to a european market of million consumers , while the mexican economy would benefit from european investment and more modern technology ."
"extraterrestrial gasses have been trapped on earth for millions of years by complex molecular structures known as buckyballs , scientists reported this week ."
the discovery offers a new method to trace geological and biological events linked to colossal meteorite and comet strikes and strengthens the theory that some terrestrial atmospheric gases and organic compounds originated in space .
to phase out electric chair
"georgia lawmakers have voted to phase out the electric chair and make lethal injection the state s primary means of execution , two months after a similar move in florida ."
"roy barnes approves , alabama and nebraska would be the only states still using the electric chair as their means of execution ."
falun gong has been drawing attention in the west for the last two years .
some western china scholars are even praising it for the scientific basis of its principles .
"thus it was during my extensive reading for my latest book , watching the tree , that i read the work of li hong zhi , founder of falun gong ."
i was greatly disappointed .
"as a medical doctor as well as a writer , i found the work anything but rational or scientific ."
"his book zhuan fa lun turning the wheel of the law , for example , challenges the very etiology of all diseases and denies even the microbial role in causing infections ."
"by suffering , writes li , he is repaying his debt ."
li also ascribes moral qualities to inanimate objects such as stone and wood .
"yet archeological evidence has shown that an agriculture based civilization began about , years ago ."
then there are his references to tall ancient buildings discovered at the bottom of many oceans .
therefore they must have been constructed long before our earth was covered by ocean waters .
now who could have done this tens of millions of years ago ?
we humans were not even monkeys then . . .
"ships are to lose their sex , to the consternation of sailors and historians alike ."
"the world shipping industry s newspaper , lloyd s list , ships will lose their femininity and will be referred to as it , not she ."
how the habit of treating ships as feminine began though it is a custom used mainly in english dominated countries .
"the north magnetic pole , which has steadily drifted for decades , has picked up its pace in recent years and could exit canadian territory said larry newitt of the geological survey of canada ."
"if the pole follows its present course , it will pass north of alaska and arrive in siberia but newitt cautioned that such predictions could prove wrong ."
crowds of thousands have rallied against the australian government s policy of detaining asylum seekers .
"up to , protesters lined the streets of melbourne , sydney and adelaide , where speakers called for an end to mandatory detention , the associated press reports ."
benjaminson and colleagues sliced up muscle from large goldfish and placed them in a vat of nutrient rich liquid .
the fish nuggets had become percent bigger .
"china launched the prototype of a manned space vessel into orbit designed to pave the way for the country s first human space flight , state media has reported ."
"such as mobile phones , wireless messaging units and game playing devices has caused a physical mutation in young people s hands ."
these are a few examples of li s scientific theories .
"in his book , he also claims that he will implant a wheel in the abdomen of each of his disciples ."
this wheel will keep on turning day and night and protect his followers from harm .
some pages later he gives the example of one his disciples who was involved in a traffic accident in beijing .
"however , at the moment of impact , the disciple s bicycle was suddenly dragged backwards by a mysterious force for almost two feet ."
he immediately understood that his teacher li hong zhi had protected him .
"at that moment he saw a large wheel spinning just above his head , while the rod fell and pierced the ground immediately beside him ."
"you might or might not encounter them , but i will guarantee that you will have no danger ."
this is what i will give you .
my saintly body will protect you until you are able to protect yourself .
is this the reason he changed his date of birth to coincide with that of buddha ?
"among educated chinese circles , li s books are viewed with amusement and amazement ."
some of his followers in the united states and canada may indeed be highly educated but they seem to have forgotten their knowledge of basic sciences .
"whatever the intellectual content of the falun gong philosophy , the chinese government is certainly cracking down on falun gong supporters ."
"in china at present , suppression is merely providing falun gong members with a sense of solidarity ."
"until the beijing authorities recognize that there is a burning spiritual hunger among the chinese people and set about providing legitimate facilities to fulfill this need , cults such as falun gong will continue to flourish ."
"scientists have identified what they believe is the largest octopus ever seen , hauled from the depths near new zealand s remote chatham islands ."
"the dead specimen , caught in a trawler s net , but it was clearly a massive animal ."
"a marine biologist steve o shea had provisionally identified the specimen , caught at a depth of more than meters , as haliphron atlanticus , a bright red , jelly like species of octopus not previously found in the south pacific ."
"palestinian leader yasser arafat is an enemy of israel , as he announced an extended military operation against palestinian terrorism everywhere it exists ."
"as the eight hour long cabinet meeting broke up , israeli tanks and bulldozers began tearing down the fences and walls surrounding the ramallah headquarters of arafat , and injuring more than after causing massive damage to the capital city ."
"taiwan s central weather bureau measured the quake at . in magnitude , centered near hualien in the eastern part of the island ."
"local media reports said one man died in his car , the death toll is expected to rise , as many people have been reported missing in several collapsed buildings across the capital ."
"for a th consecutive month but it was the smallest decline in a year , thus strengthening hopes for a turnaround south korea has been one of the few bright spots because of its resilient domestic consumption ."
"asia s third largest economy after japan and china , now south korea is forecasting growth of more than percent this year , aided by a budding recovery in exports ."
the activity was reported by palestinian security sources .
the israel defense forces had no immediate comment .
"it was conducting antiterrorism operations in nine other west bank towns , including ramallah and bethlehem ."
"in a new book called the omega connection , stoll , an assistant professor of psychiatry at harvard argues that fish oils"
"the brain is an astonishing percent fat , and it needs omega s to function properly ."
"in the last century , however , americans have drastically reduced their intake of these oils , as we moved to diets based on processed foods ."
it is impossible to reduce the cause to a single explanation
"while omega s are important for everyone , an adequate supply is especially critical for infants and mothers ."
no one doubts that omega fatty acids help build and maintain brain tissue .
the american heart association has recently changed its dietary guidelines to recommend that adults eat at least two servings of fish each week .
"oily fish such as anchovies , mackerel and salmon have the most omega s ."
"flaxseed , flaxseed oil , wheat germ and walnuts are good sources , too , as are dark greens such as spinach and kale ."
you can also boost your omega levels by switching from corn and soybean oil to canola oil .
some hens are even fed flax and fishmeal to boost the levels of omega s in their egg yolks .
"beyond that , says stoll , your best bet is supplements ."
"for general health , one to two grams of omega s a day should be sufficient ."
"to correct mood problems , two to five grams or more may be required ."
"teams of scientists in china and switzerland have sequenced the rice genome , a step that could someday lead to improving the quality of the crop that is a staple for more than half the world s population ."
this first complete genome sequencing of a crop plant is detailed in the april edition of science .
"identifying the genetic code of rice will speed improvements in nutritional quality and crop yield to meet the world s growing needs , said donald kennedy , editor in chief of science ."
"japan shows signs of recovery , japan faces a rough road ahead ."
the jobless rate has recovered to . percent from the record level of . percent that it hit in february .
but deflation and declining consumer demand continue to plague the world s second largest economy .
"the bank of japan s quarterly tankan report of business confidence also showed signs of improvement , with business expressing increased optimism about the june quarter ."
"at the national association of broadcasters nab industry conference , the software giant is expected to announce that several behind the scenes audio and video production companies will make some of their products compatible with microsoft s windows media player format ."
britain s queen mother has been laid to rest attended by close members of the royal family .
the private committal service and interment at st george s chapel marked the close of a day of public mourning .
more than a million people had lined the route of the queen mother s coffin from the capital to windsor .
"more frequent and more devastating storms caused by climate change could cost billion a year within the next ten years , possibly bankrupting financial services firms , a united nations backed report warned this week ."
"the report said a political framework for action on climate stability is essential , but said the kyoto protocol , under which many industrial nations except the united states committed to curb greenhouse gas emissions by , does not go far enough ."
"written on behalf of the un environment program s unep finance initiative , the report said financial institutions could deliver market solutions to climate change , through carbon emissions trading and lower insurance premiums for cleaner companies ."
"worldwide economic losses from natural disasters appear to be doubling every ten years , the report said , and called for action to decrease the emission of greenhouse gases , particularly carbon ."
"the report said that while climate change is widely recognized as being a threat by insurers and reinsurers , their strategies towards it have been mixed ."
"few insurers , for example , factor in climate change related risks into their insurance premiums , the report said ."
"fund managers do not currently regard climate change as an investment risk , though socially responsible fund managers consider climate change when choosing their investments ."
"but the criteria used tend to be very crude , the report said ."
the report called on financial services companies to raise awareness of the problem of climate change and to lead by example in corporate environmental management .
they should also provide products and services that support adaptation and mitigation of climate change .
has made its in flight internet access service available to the corporate jet market and expects to do the same for commercial airlines by the end of the year .
"inmarsat will first roll out its swift service with isdn integrated services digital network internet access , which it expects to be fully operational on corporate aircraft within a few months , the company said in a statement ."
the isdn access will have maximum speeds of kb and will use its satellite communication antenna infrastructure .
ceo stephen cooper told employees that debt and other claims at the bankrupt energy company could reach as high as billion .
"cooper told a hotel conference room filled to capacity with about , employees that enron s debt on its balance sheet is greater than he thought ."
"enron has about billion in debt and other claims could hit billion to billion , an air china jet carrying passengers and crewmembers has crashed in rain and fog into a mountain near south korea s second largest city of busan ."
after the air china boeing crashed and broke into pieces after struggling to land in thick fog at busan s kimhae international airport .
witnesses told local television but no one on the ground was hurt .
a supercolony of ants has been discovered stretching thousands of miles from the italian riviera along the coastline to northwest spain .
"the , mile colony consists of billions of argentine ants living in millions of nests that cooperate with one another ."
"but the researchers concluded that ants in the supercolony were all close enough genetically to recognize one another , despite being from different nests with different queens ."
"india s unions have warned they will step up their protests against plans to make it easier to lay off workers , one day after as many as ten million employees went on a strike that brought much of the urban part of the country to a standstill ."
"bank workers and employees from more than state run companies walked off their jobs for a one day strike , virtually paralyzing the south asian nation s financial markets , factories and ports ."
"we were shocked by the result , said neil macdonald , vice president and director of research with gartner inc ."
"what this means is a third of that time , roughly a third , is wasted ."
"in a self commissioned survey , gartner asked business e mail users in a variety of occupations and job titles about the contents of their e mail in boxes ."
"the company found that the average e mail user spends minutes managing e mail on the job each day , and a quarter spend more than an hour a day managing e mail ."
gartner recommends that companies create a policy on e mail etiquette to prevent the unnecessary e mails and avoid lost productivity .
it looks and feels like it s legitimate e mail because it s from your co workers .
but it s not until you open it up that you realize it s a waste of time .
"japanese officials blasted the international monetary fund , its prescriptions for the nation s ailing economy were unprofessional and out of focus ."
but they were conspicuously quiet on the imf s remark that a weaker yen could be desirable .
"in its semi annual world economic outlook , the imf called on tokyo to compile an extra budget to boost the economy the bank of japan should ease monetary policy more aggressively , even if that meant a weaker yen ."
"a japanese laboratory has built the world s fastest computer , one with the computing power of the fastest u . s . computers combined ."
"the computer is nearly five times faster than the previous leader , according to a university of tennessee computer scientist who maintains an authoritative list of the world s fastest computers ."
the japanese government spent million to million to develop the supercomputer over the past five years .
in issuing a formal protest over sunday s surprise visit by the japanese prime minister commemorating his country s war dead .
the visit by junichiro koizumi to the yasukuni shrine in tokyo was condemned by many of japan s asian neighbors who still hold bitter memories of japanese wartime atrocities .
chinese officials summoned the japanese ambassador in beijing to express their strong dissatisfaction at koizumi s action .
"china trails only the united states in the number of people with internet access at home , with more than million people able to connect a rapidly developing nation , china manages to lead the rest of the world even as more than half of its population lives on less than a day ."
"a study by nielsen netratings showed that just over percent of china s more than one billion people in addition to a threat against its embassy in yemen , the united states has received information about possible threats to other u . s . embassies in the persian gulf ."
but a state department official said new information indicated the threat was not only against the embassy in yemen but also against u . s . embassies in unspecified gulf states .
the government s goal of boosting organ donation is a good one .
"let s work together , tommy thompson urged the nation ."
why can t we solve the problem of who gets scarce organs instead of creating more angst amongst ourselves ?
"even if thompson were to somehow double or even triple the number of organs americans donate , he would still have to live with some angst ."
"the waiting lists for transplants are long and , in a graying society like ours , they grow longer every day ."
"getting more organs is an ethically sound idea , but his new plan won t work ."
"the ideas thompson presented about how to get more organs involve a partnership with private businesses to promote organ donation among employees , a medal to honor donor families , more teaching about organ donation in teen driver education classes and a national donor card that makes it clear that anyone who has a card can serve as a donor even if a family member objects ."
americans are well aware of organ donation .
public education campaigns have been letting people know about the gift of life for years .
one more pamphlet at the office or a few more minutes in drivers ed is not going to boost the percentage of people who sign donor cards .
"moreover , as study after study has shown , signing a donor card is not a very effective way to ensure organ donation ."
nor will the ideas of medals and tougher donor cards do much good .
there are some steps that are likely to produce more organs to save lives .
"first , remove financial barriers in access to transplants ."
poor people do not donate their organs at the same rate as the rich .
the reason is simple .
"poor people , many without health insurance , know that the rich have a much better chance of getting transplants than they do ."
if thompson really wants to get more organs available for transplant he must make sure that the rich and the poor have the same chance to get a transplant .
"second , treat organ donation as expected not heroic ."
thompson and president bush should appear on national television with every governor and member of congress .
every one of them should fill out a donor card .
and each should do it simply because it is the right thing to do .
shortage is always going to be a concern with organ transplantation .
but we can get more organs if the public believes that everyone has a fair chance to receive a transplant should they need one and that donation is not a matter of heroism but of common decency .
"while the u . s . stock market has stagnated , many asian markets have roared ahead stock analysts say that one reason all of asia s markets are ahead of the u . s . so far this year is that asia had a long way to come back ."
recessions hit the united states and japan .
"demand evaporated for electronics and semiconductor chips , key drivers of economies such as south korea , taiwan , singapore ."
now u . s . stocks are still fighting their way through and questions about managed results .
but there are signs confidence has returned in asia .
"the bush administration is plotting a potential major air campaign and ground invasion to topple the iraqi government of president saddam hussein , the new york times reported ."
"the use of , to , troops is being considered , but president bush has not issued any order for the pentagon to mobilize its forces , and there is no official plan for an invasion , asian markets sank to a lower close as blue chips lost ground in the wake of u . s . stock losses last week ."
"the united states has regained its seat on the member united nations commission on human rights , since the commission was established in ."
removing the united states from the panel spain and italy agreed to withdraw their candidacies so that the u . s . could take their place .
the u . s . candidacy was uncontested .
"the united nations says it will stop distributing food to more than million children and elderly in north korea because of a shortfall in international aid , sparking fears of a worsening humanitarian crisis in the country ."
everyone has their reasons why .
"but few experts on the american workforce doubt that work has changed dramatically in recent years , increasing the pressures and the incentives to work harder ."
in many cases creating the expectation that employees should be working all the time
"on their cell phones commuting to work , on their laptops and home computers in the evenings and on weekends ."
we ve also come to see the role of work in our lives in a dramatically different light as well .
"a century ago people were less likely to define themselves by their occupations , and economists confidently predicted a future filled with leisure as machines replaced human labor ."
"instead , work today has become more central than ever to people s lives , providing personal fulfillment and a sense of community , as well as a paycheck ."
"the prominence of work drives people to work harder , but it also leaves many feeling burnt out and fed up ."
"the decade long economic boom drove many to work harder to take advantage of the good times , but even as the boom stalls , few experts expect the pressures and expectations on workers to ease ."
"filmmakers set out to make a statement , an allegorical poem on film to warn about destruction of the environment , but nude actors have stolen the show ."
"the film , with a somber and strident soundtrack , is anything but erotic as it draws on a korean creation myth to depict man s fall from paradise to corrupted modern life ."
but the use of nude amateur actors including young women recruited from seoul college campuses
"taiwan s front line island of matsu , hit by the worst drought in years , has turned to taiwan s rival and sent a water buying mission to the nearby chinese mainland for the first time ever ."
"a boat commissioned by the matsu government left for china s fujian province and is expected to bring back more than , tons of water , roughly one day s supply , an official said by telephone ."
"taiwan still bans full direct contact with china , which views the self governing island as a breakaway province that must be reunified with the mainland , by force if necessary ."
"trashed the old three day record of . million , set last november by harry potter and the sorcerer s stone ."
all people aboard a chinese jetliner that plunged into the sea near the northeastern city of dalian the airline has said .
"shortly after the captain reported a fire in the cabin , according to state news agency , xinhua ."
"using a ground based telescope to peer into a distant point of light , scientists have come up with a startling conclusion"
the star ingested one or more of its own planets .
"the surprise discovery should hasten the search for other such voracious stars , boosting the understanding of planetary evolution , the european researchers said ."
"located in the constellation hydra , the star is slightly hotter and larger than our sun and was recently discovered to possess a pair of giant planets ."
"like most of the dozens of planets found around other stars , these two gas giants have bizarre orbits , in this case rather elongated ones unusually close to the central star ."
such planets are unlike any in our solar system and confound traditional theories of planetary formation .
"other explanations that account for the eccentric orbits also predict that some planets could plummet into their host stars , a hypothesis that the new observation seems to confirm , the scientists said ."
"using the european southern observatory telescope in atacama , chile , the astronomers detected the presence of a rare variety of lithium in the star ."
"the fragile metal would have been destroyed in the early , explosive evolutionary stages of this particular kind of star , which like our own is rich in heavy metals ."
"the star , known as hd , could have swallowed either a gas giant twice the mass of jupiter or a small rocky one three times the mass of earth , the astronomers estimated in their report , published in the may issue of the journal nature ."
"scientists have discovered more than planetary systems beyond our own in recent years , using powerful telescopes to measure the wobble brought about by orbiting planets on their host stars ."
"asian internet users flocked to pornographic web sites , with singaporean executives and south korean students topping the list , some . million south koreans headed to adult sites , a hefty percent jump from the year before , the internet measurement firm said ."
"taiwan , hong kong and singapore all saw a percent jump in the number of visitors to the sites ."
"with , in hong kong and , in singapore ."
south korea is testing more livestock for foot and mouth disease after pigs in four separate farms tested positive .
thirty north koreans have now succeeded in entering foreign embassies and consulates in china in the last two months to escape their homeland and gain repatriation to another country .
japan appears to be struggling with another outbreak of mad cow disease after officials confirmed a fourth case of the brain wasting disease on a farm in northern japan .
the official confirmation by the health ministry has set health safety alarm bells ringing just weeks before japan is due to co host the may june soccer world cup finals itself struck by foot and mouth disease in its pigs .
"asian stocks fired ahead , with all major markets showing gains ."
"tech stocks led the way , and there are high hopes for export driven recoveries for rebounds worldwide and an easing yen ."
software piracy grew in for the first time in half a decade and percent of the programs used by businesses worldwide are illegal copies .
"the business software alliance , an organization of productivity software companies such as adobe and microsoft , has conducted the study since ."
"the asia pacific nations , where more than half of all programs in use last year were stolen , are increasingly accounting for worldwide piracy ."
"the business software alliance announces software piracy settlements worldwide , totaling more than . million . thirty six of those settlements"
in which companies paid software companies to settle claims that they were using unlicensed software
are in the united states .
software companies lost more than billion in due to piracy in the asia pacific region .
"eastern europe has had the highest piracy rate each year , with percent of its software illegally copied in ."
many companies use authentication codes printed on cd cases of programs like adobe photoshop and microsoft office but software pirates find them on illegal web sites .
"in response to this threat , microsoft s upcoming office xp and windows xp products will require an online product activation sequence that uses a combination of a software serial code and a number created by scanning the hardware of a person s computer ."
"if the customer doesn t activate the program , it will stop working within several days ."
"but like copy proof key disks of the past , these methods can frustrate legitimate buyers and are frequently overcome by industrious software pirates ."
"even though windows xp hasn t been released , there already are downloadable programs that work to disable its copy protection ."
the carrot is to return to its roots when it goes on sale in what s said to be its true colour of purple purple carrots will appear on the shelves of supermarkets at a slightly higher price than the familiar version .
they have dug up the vegetable s original colour and will revert to the new hue for the first time in europe in five centuries .
russia s space agency is still waiting for an official applicant to be the world s third space tourist on a flight to the international space station scheduled this autumn .
"but with time running out for the necessary training , the agency most likely will not find anyone and the chance is now virtually zero that a tourist will come along on the flight , agency spokesman sergei gorbunov told interfax news agency ."
the possibility of another attack against the united states recent reports of increased communications among suspected al qaeda operatives the war against terrorism remains in high gear .
"vice president dick cheney said on nbc s meet the press , if it s going to be tomorrow or next week or next year ."
the australian army is warning animal rights activists it cannot guarantee their safety should they try to stop a cull of kangaroos on one of its bases .
"up to , kangaroos will be shot this week on the base in an effort to reduce starvation amongst the animals and improve safety on the puckapunyal base there are more than , kangaroos on the , hectare base , about double the number the natural environment in the area can successfully support ."
japan s economic outlook got a boost with figures showing business activity rose . percent in march from the previous month .
the increase is the first in a year and is viewed as a further sign that the japanese economy has bottomed out after months of stagnation .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said that he saw signs of an economic comeback in the recent strengthening of the yen against the u . s . dollar .
engine problems stranded two men on a boat in the atlantic one recent afternoon .
they could see land but had no idea where they were .
so one called on his cell phone .
"the men were lucky to be along the coast of rhode island , where emergency operators have more power than most of their counterparts in america to help people calling from wireless phones ."
"an operator instantly received the boaters precise latitude and longitude and passed the coordinates to the coast guard , which picked the men up safely before dark ."
"this is not heroic by comic book standards , but it s an ideal moment in the world of public safety ."
it s also how wireless calls are supposed to work everywhere .
"six years ago , the federal communications commission ordered phone companies to make it possible by ."
but while about half of calls come from cell phones
a percentage that increases every year
meeting the fcc s demand for callers location information has been excruciatingly difficult .
"phone companies have squabbled over details , and public safety agencies are short on resources ."
"several places are scheduled to reach that level soon , and fcc officials and phone companies say the deadline is still attainable ."
but it probably will take a more efficient and cooperative effort .
"new reports from remote areas in india indicate that more than , people died during a fierce heat wave that gripped the nation this month ."
"elderly people account for most of the deaths , unable to bear temperatures in parts of the southern andhra pradesh state ."
the original star wars ended with a happy tableau .
return of the jedi ended even more cheerily .
"the empire strikes back and the new film , star wars"
a galactic train wreck in the offing .
"the last film in george lucas six part saga of the skywalker family inevitably ends in tragedy , the final prequel leading into the dark times of dictatorship that prevail at the opening of the original star wars ."
americans are marking the three day memorial day weekend with alerts about terrorism ringing in their ears .
"as the fbi warned that terrorists may try to use small aircraft for suicide attacks , the nation s nuclear power plants were placed on a heightened state of alert ."
alerts involved everything from tall apartment buildings to the statue of liberty to scuba divers and subways .
imagine having your laptop fetch a beer from the refrigerator and then roll over to the baby s room to sing a lullaby while e mailing snapshots to grandma a thousand miles away .
"on a range of issues , including counter terrorism , regional emergencies and arms control ."
"americans will celebrate memorial day on monday , may twenty eighth ."
the holiday honors the men and women who died fighting in wars for the united states .
the idea of celebrating such a day began after the american civil war in the s .
it was the idea of a daughter of a union officer who had been killed in battle .
she described a german tradition of placing flowers on soldiers burial places each spring .
she said americans should do the same .
the commander of the soldiers organization agreed .
"he ordered that may thirtieth , , be named decoration day to honor soldiers who had died in the civil war ."
it was also called memorial day .
a confederate memorial day was observed in some southern states .
it was the first state to make it a holiday .
congress made it a national holiday in .
"after world war one , memorial day became a day to remember those who died in all the nation s wars ."
"today , americans celebrate the memorial day holiday in different ways ."
towns and cities hold parades over memorial day weekend .
many people attend special ceremonies to hear speeches and band music .
people enjoy the warm weather with their families .
"they may cook dinner outdoors , go swimming or have a party ."
"some people travel to washington , d c to attend national memorial day ceremonies at arlington cemetery near the city ."
the ceremonies are held at the burial place of the nation s unknown soldiers .
"which any savvy shopper can pick up on the internet are about to become cheaper still , last weekend slashed prices on microprocessors for pc makers to cut prices in the doggedly weak pc market ."
"amid a price war led by dell computer corp . , which used its direct business model to gain market share and maintain profits ."
"football s governing body fifa has launched an investigation into why there were , empty seats at the opening world cup match at seoul ."
"the game was declared a sellout by organizers , but only , spectators witnessed senegal defeat france in one of the biggest upsets in the tournament s history ."
"seoul s world cup stadium is listed as being able to seat , fans , but fifa communications director keith cooper told a press conference that , seats remained unfilled ."
the japanese government is seeking to calm a growing storm over comments reportedly made by a member of the cabinet that japan could abandon its ban on nuclear weapons .
"japan , the only country in the world to have suffered nuclear attack , adopted the so called three non nuclear principles of not producing , not possessing and not allowing nuclear weapons into the country ."
a leading government official was quoted anonymously as saying japan might reconsider its stand .
"intel corp . , the world s largest chipmaker that is best known for its pentium line of microprocessors , will this week kick off its largest ever advertising campaign ."
"ads will appear in print and online in such publications as businessweek , cio magazine , fortune and the wall street journal , the campaign is slated to last as long as three years , a good amount of time for an advertising push , and will run into the tens of millions of dollars ."
"published ahead of a three day food summit to be held in rome in early june , as the organisation steps up its campaign to eradicate world hunger ."
"sex education programs do not speed up teenagers experimentation with sex , and might actually delay it , a study said ."
"programs do not increase sexual activity , said douglas kirby , author of the study ."
they do not hasten the onset of sex .
"they do not increase the frequency of sex , nor do they increase the number of sexual partners ."
"four out of girls in the united states get pregnant at least once before age , according to the study ."
there are nearly million teen pregnancies each year .
teen pregnancy and birth rates declined in the s but the united states still has the highest rates of pregnancy and birth of any comparable country .
the report singled out eight programs that were found to effectively communicate the joint messages of abstinence and safe sex .
"five of those were sex education programs , two were community service programs that included discussion session , and one was an intensive program combining sex education , health care and tutoring ."
"all the programs shared common elements , kirby said ."
"they focused very directly upon sexual behavior , he said ."
they focused upon changing sexual behavior .
kirby said the programs also gave clear messages about sexual behavior and emphasized abstinence as the safest way to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases .
researchers could draw no definite conclusion about why certain programs seemed more effective that others .
"but they agreed that candid conversation does work , and simply talking about sex to teenagers does not encourage sexual activity ."
"there still is no magic bullet to reducing teen pregnancy , kirby said ."
"it would pay million to hindu , vegetarian and other groups more than a year after a seattle lawyer sued the fast food chain , alleging it failed to disclose the use of beef flavoring in its french fries ."
tens of thousands of rooms will not be taken up by world cup fans while fifa s ticket agent over estimated demand .
"the optimism for peace on the subcontinent came as shelling raged across the line of control in kashmir , after officials said at least ten people were killed saturday ."
"champions france were unceremoniously dumped out of the world cup , to finish bottom of their group it was a humiliating end to france s reign in a campaign dogged by injury ."
"the last defending champions to fail to get past the group stage some of china s worst floods in years have killed at least people , and made thousands more homeless in a devastating start to the wet season ."
"worst affected is the northwestern shaanxi province , where the state xinhua news agency said bodies have been recovered after torrential rains triggered landslides and burst river banks across counties ."
"another people are missing , and the chinese military have been called in to help with rescue work ."
the united nations says at least million new jobs will be needed during the next ten years to help support the world s workforce .
the un international labor office published the world employment report a few months ago .
it says the new jobs will be needed to help reduce unemployment around the world by half .
the international labor office estimates that million people did not have jobs at the end of last year .
most of these people were seeking jobs for the first time .
"among them , about million live in developing countries ."
"the report also estimates about million workers around the world have jobs , but they are not paid enough money ."
they earn less than one american dollar a day .
this is called underemployment .
the rate at which people enter the world s workforce is expected to slow during the next ten years .
"however , the un estimates about million people will join the world s workforce by ."
more than half of these new workers will be from asia .
experts say the need for jobs depends greatly on whether the world economy continues to expand .
"if it does , the international labor office says information technology and communications will offer the most promising chances for work ."
duncan campbell is the economist who supervised the world employment report .
he says technology is important .
but there are also concerns .
many developing countries do not have technology resources like those in industrial countries .
campbell says developing countries will have to take steps to bridge this digital divide .
he says lack of education is the main reason why people in developing countries do not use technology .
the international labor organization is urging developing countries to create new public policies .
the goal is to find ways to link more people to computers and information technology .
"which presley performed in his film live a little , love a lot , has been drawing brisk sales and heavy radio airplay since it was released there as a single last week ."
"the recording is expected to top the british singles charts breaking the long running tie between presley and the beatles hits in the united kingdom , which currently stands at apiece , record company giants sony music and universal music said they planned to soon offer cheaper and easier ways to download music from the web in the industry s latest effort to stem online piracy ."
"entrenched in the worst market downturn in years , the world s five big music companies last year launched their own online subscription services , musicnet and pressplay , after previously dabbling unsuccessfully in digital download programs that priced songs around and up ."
several tens of thousands of police and other officials have swooped down on internet cafes throughout china in the wake of a fire in an illegal cyber cafe which killed students in beijing .
south koreans are virtually painting the town red in the wake of their historic world cup victory over italy .
"a goal in the dying minutes of extra time gave south korea an unlikely victory over their highly fancied opponents , italy , sending them into the quarterfinals of the world cup ."
south korea hadn t even won a game at five previous trips to soccer s biggest event .
their strength in the race to deliver broadband service is illustrated by an ad from a unit of cable company cox communications .
who unplugged the internet ?
and is your dsl provider taking you to the internot ?
"when a wisconsin internet business stopped providing service , charter communications cable offered disconnected customers a chance to subscribe to its internet access without any pain ."
"that meant giving significant discounts , so customers could switch over seamlessly ."
cox communications offered to install its service for free for consumers left without their dsl service .
cox says it has seen call volume go up by as much as percent in two of the markets where the unplugged ad has run .
"cable already is well ahead of its telephone , satellite and wireless rivals in snagging customers ."
"cable is also a known quantity , said at t chairman c . michael armstrong , who heads the nation s largest cable business ."
"cable companies already enjoy a comfortable lead in offering high speed access , with . million customers in the united states , according to the yankee group ."
"about . million people subscribe to dsl service from a phone company or other internet provider , while , customers hook up to high speed internet via satellite ."
"still , some cable operators warn against resting on past successes or discounting the power of rivals ."
"the nation s four bell companies , delivering dsl service over phone lines , remain in a prime position to capture customers in their markets ."
"weak demand at home for imports and a surge in shipments of japanese cars , flat screen tvs and other key exports to asia it jumped percent from a year ago the customs cleared trade surplus grew for a third straight month a severe shortage of food aid is forcing hungry north koreans to scrounge for grass and seaweed , the united nations says ."
"warning of a new threat of famine in the communist country , s world food program says hundreds of thousands of north koreans are abandoning work and school in a desperate effort to stave off hunger ."
"al qaeda leader osama bin laden and his top lieutenant ayman al zawahiri and the group is going to launch attacks against america , according to audiotaped remarks by an al qaeda spokesman ."
"the message also said that mullah omar , the leader of the taliban now on the run , and that percent of the leadership of al qaeda are safe and are running their affairs smoothly ."
"that has burned more than , acres crept toward the largely abandoned town of show low and charred more than homes in its path ."
"president bush plans to stop in arizona on his way to the g summit in canada to get an aerial tour of the rodeo chediski fire that has forced the evacuation of about , residents along eastern arizona s mogollon rim ."
"asian tech stocks are sharply lower , with tokyo down more than percent after the shock admissions south korea is faring worst , with its kospi down more than percent and singapore is off . percent ."
"the mosquito borne west nile virus , which can cause encephalitis and result in death , is expected to eventually spread across the united states , federal health officials said ."
"mosquitoes spread the virus to birds , animals and humans ."
"since , west nile virus has made people severely ill and caused nine deaths ."
all of the victims were in new york and new jersey .
studies show that only one in to one in people who are infected actually go on to develop symptoms .
"the virus , first identified in in the west nile region of uganda , was detected in the united states two years ago after birds and humans in the new york city area were bitten by infested mosquitoes ."
"since , the virus has been detected in states and the district of columbia"
"so far this year , it s been detected in dead crows in new york , connecticut , maryland and new jersey ."
the cdc has advised all state health departments to be on alert for signs of the virus .
"in response , georgia has formed a west nile task force ."
individual counties are trapping mosquitoes and analyzing them .
"when west nile virus activity is detected in an area , residents are alerted to take precautionary steps to protect themselves ."
health officials suggest citizens who find dead birds or animals contact the local board of health .
the report from the national association of purchasing management napm helped generate a last week rally on wall street .
but economists cautioned that the run of good news in recent weeks has signaled only a slower deterioration of conditions with few signs of any real strength .
"the closely watched purchasing managers report indicated that the manufacturing sector declined for an th straight month in june , although the overall index reading of . percent was the best showing since november and far better than the . percent expected by analysts on average ."
any reading below percent indicates that the manufacturing sector is contracting .
"because manufacturing accounts for slightly less than one fifth of the economy , the overall index figure would be consistent of annual gdp growth of . percent , according to the napm ."
"the economy is still not showing any strength , but at least things aren t getting any worse , and that s a precondition for recovery , said mark vitner , a first union economist ."
"blue chip stock prices rose , with the dow jones industrial average jumping . points to , . ."
"treasury bond prices also rose , pushing down long term interest rates , in part because the purchasing managers index showed that commodity prices fell in june , reflecting an outlook for continued low inflation ."
"a south korean patrol boat was sunk that left at least four south korean sailors dead and others injured , officials in seoul say ."
one other south korean sailor is missing and a north korean boat is also believed destroyed in the minute exchange of gunfire .
the battle took place off the korean peninsula s western coast in the yellow sea after north korean patrol boats crossed the so called northern limit line .
"in a damning stocktake of china s efforts to halt a looming epidemic , if it does not change the way it is fighting aids ."
"china is on the verge of a catastrophe that could result in unimaginable suffering , economic loss and social devastation , said the page report , people were carrying the hiv virus , and people died from illnesses related to the disease ."
changing the rules of engagement for clashes with north korea the proposed change would allow south korean forces to fire first a contrast to the current regulations introduced under the government of president kim dae jung which require south korea to broadcast a series of warnings during a confrontation with enemy vessels .
including about children
"after a russian jet and a cargo plane collided police and witnesses said the crash scattered burning pieces like fire two of those killed were the pilot and co pilot of the cargo plane , operated by air freight carrier dhl ."
"all the others believed killed were aboard the russian jet , separating year old twin egyptian boys joined at the crowns of their heads could result in death for both , so doctors are returning to egypt for meetings with medical and religious officials to decide what to do ."
doctors are considering the complications that could arise from the surgery .
one said there are five possible scenarios
"complications causing brain damage in one or both , or not going through with the surgery ."
"the extinction of the dinosaurs million years ago may have been caused by a kind of astronomical wobble in earth s and mercury s solar orbits , according to a new theory by a group of california scientists ."
scientists have long speculated that a giant celestial body slammed into ancient earth .
"the impact , known by scientists as k t , threw so much dust into the atmosphere that the resulting darkness killed plants that many dinosaurs relied on for food ."
the dinosaurs essentially starved to death .
but it s unclear if the object that hit the earth was a comet or an asteroid .
"using computer models , university of california at los angeles ucla professors and researchers tracked planetary orbits as far back as million years ago ."
"during the cretaceous period , gravitational pushes and pulls with the sun and other planets created a wobble in the earth s orbit , according to the ucla team s models ."
"that wobble , in turn , may have caused the planet mercury s orbit to wobble ."
gravitational effects of the two celestial wobbles might have forced a large asteroid to break away from the asteroid belt and smash into earth .
there are thought to be hundreds of thousands of asteroids in our system ranging in size from small pieces to as large as entire mountains .
"most of them are floating in the asteroid belt , an elliptical plane located between mars and jupiter ."
"mark bailey , director of the armagh observatory in northern ireland , said he is also studying what might have hit the earth and driven the dinosaurs to extinction ."
"i m skeptical , bailey said of the theory ."
it seems to me that this is a very long chain of assumptions .
but bailey said he could not rule out the theory altogether .
that smashed into the earth million years ago .
"but varadi , a year veteran researcher , said that if he had to guess whether the object that hit the earth was a comet or an asteroid , he would choose the asteroid theory ."
"hearts went out to year old robert tools when he became the world s first recipient of a battery powered , self contained artificial heart this time last year ."
"tools lived for five months with the device , exceeding researchers goal of a day survival ."
"perhaps the greatest milestone in the trial so far is that tom christerson , , has been living with his new heart he now spends his days visiting with friends and playing cards ."
"a mob of pakistani muslims stoned to death a man accused of blasphemy in the central province of punjab , police and witnesses said ."
the people of zahid s village of barnala accused him of writing his own name in copies of the koran in place of the name of prophet mohammad .
"a village committee met to decide his fate and zahid was dragged out of his house and executed in front of a crowd of between to , north and south korea are once again embroiled in a bitter row , with pongyang accusing seoul of infiltrating two warships into north korea s waters ."
"u . s . health authorities announced plans to undertake a million trial of an aids vaccine , the largest such trial to date ."
"because it will take place in thailand , the trial has been dubbed the thai vaccine trial ."
"about , hiv negative volunteers will participate in the five year study ."
half of the participants will receive a series of three primer shots and two booster shots
president bush heads to wall street packing a promise of tough new laws and actions restore investor confidence and protect the pensions of american workers .
but the consumer and investor confidence the president is expected to call for criminal penalties for corporate leaders who knowingly misreport their companies earnings .
"a new report on heart disease among american males says a man s race and where he lives can make a huge difference in his chances of dying , with blacks and those living in economically underdeveloped areas most at risk ."
"the study found similar differences when statistics were broken down according to location , with much higher death rates in economically depressed areas ."
the cdc intends for the new report to be used to identify which parts of the country are doing relatively well in heart disease prevention and treatment and which places are most disadvantaged .
the report looked at geographic variation in heart disease deaths for u . s . men over age between and .
"geographically , death rates by county ranged from a low of per , men to a high of , per , ."
"hardest hit were men living in appalachia , the ohio mississippi river valley , the mississippi delta and the eastern piedmont and coastal regions of georgia , south carolina and north carolina ."
"while the overall death rate from heart disease is per , men , when broken into racial and ethnic groups the rate ranges from a high of per , for african american men down to per , for asian and pacific islander men ."
the report also found african american men are more likely to die from heart disease at a young age than are men of other racial groups .
it estimates that about percent of deaths due to heart disease in african american men occur before age .
stock prices tumbled in a broad selloff as accounting scandals and poor prospects for earnings growth drove the s p and the nasdaq composite to their lowest levels in five years .
"the pronounced , broad based selling took a severe toll on investor confidence , which has been shattered by months of corporate scandals that came on top of last year s terrorist attacks ."
"the dow jones industrial average tumbled . to , . , that left the world s most widely watched stock index at its lowest close in more than nine months ."
"china is honing credible options and could act with scant warning against what it sees as a u . s . backed rogue province , the pentagon has warned ."
"in a long delayed annual report to congress , the defense department said that taiwan s permanent separation from the mainland could serve as a strategic foothold for the unitedstates ."
"the man who pulled out a rifle is involved with neo nazi and hooligan groups , as the year old man was overpowered , a spokesman for the paris police department told cnn ."
it was not yet clear whether the gun went off in the struggle or was a shot aimed at the president .
japanese software makers said they have detected two strains of a new computer virus that attacks files and disables antivirus software .
"another , more virulent strain , is also circulating , federal reserve chairman alan greenspan has expressed optimism about the health of the u . s . economy , but acknowledged that corporate scandals had indirectly hurt business spending and called for tougher penalties for ceos who break the law ."
his words seemed to have a positive effect on wall street which probably hung on his words even more than it usually does
amid a stubbornly bearish market ruled by fears about corporate accounting .
"china has shut down nearly , internet cafes across the country and has ordered , to suspend operations and make changes ."
"anonymous cybercafes are popular because they allow people to evade tough content laws , whose infringement on a personal homepage or message board authorities are likely to track to its source ."
"more than , internet cafes or bars have been inspected during a probe that began in april , the newspaper said ."
it said police closed internet bars and ordered others to suspend operations for rectification and improvement in nanjing in the eastern province of jiangsu .
internet bars have mushroomed in china since first appearing in big cities in .
"mini cyber bars can now be found in bookstores , barbershops , clothes stores , and the butcher s ."
"to the government , they open the door to a dangerous world outside the communist party s control ."
"to the people , they offer an opportunity to speak with anonymity , making cyberspace almost impossible to regulate despite a slew of high profile arrests since march ."
"authorities closely monitor web site content in search for buzzwords such as taiwan , tibet and the banned spiritual group falun gong , web executives say ."
"residents of corleone , the italian village made famous by hollywood s godfather movie trilogy , have come up with a food fit to frighten mobsters"
a group of farmers dedicated to fighting the mafia are now producing the pasta under the brand name libera terra after setting up a co operative to farm land seized by the italian government from the cosa nostra s jailed boss of bosses toto riina .
"we want to prove that these fields are no longer controlled by the mafia and can remain profitable as well as give jobs to many more people , so that all can benefit from it , a popular brand of diet pills from china has been linked to six deaths in three asian countries , highlighting the need to regulate the region s booming herbal health industry ."
suspected in the deaths is slim and other herbal products manufactured by the guangdong based yuzhitang health products company .
"slim was found to contain substances which was outlawed in the united states in after being linked to heart , thyroid and blood problems ."
have slipped through a greenpeace flotilla of protest craft under the cover of darkness .
"a greenpeace inflatable boat then embarked on an eight hour chase , before unfurling a protest banner demanding a nuclear free pacific ."
environmental activist group greenpeace set up the blockade of boats in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand to protest the shipment of plutonium fuel from japan to the united kingdom .
"prime minister junichiro koizumi s approval rating has bounced back into positive territory , according to a new poll ."
and the revival is almost matched by a drop in his disapproval rating .
"but critics still abound , faulting the politician s lack of progress and willingness to compromise ."
koizumi saw his popularity soar thanks mainly to a push to trim public works spending and privatize the postal service .
the united states said it would scrap its million payment to the u . n .
after uncovering evidence it said showed funds were being used for illegal activities in countries such as china .
she was reported have been shot three times in the head and twice in the body and was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital .
hundreds of people have been gathering outside her home as news of her death spread .
"her story was the subject of numerous films and books , but first came to international prominence in the movie bandit queen , directed by shekhar kapur ."
"born into a poor family from the low caste mallah community , devi was forced into marriage at age to a man more than years her senior ."
she ran away from her abusive husband and was kidnapped several years later by lower caste bandits who roamed the lawless chambal ravines in india s central hindu heartland .
two bandits shot dead devi s gang leader lover and took her their village of where she was confined in a shack and allegedly gang raped by local men .
"she escaped three weeks later only to return on valentine s day as the head of her own gang , whom she allegedly told to kill high caste hindu men in revenge for her rape ."
"she was jailed for the following years until without ever going to trial , and has always denied she ever personally killed anyone ."
she was defeated in polls two years later but made a triumphal return to parliament in .
"the times of india said members of the indian lower house , known as the lok sabha , stood for a minute s silence after hearing the news before adjourning business for the day as a mark of respect ."
"a two kilometre wide asteroid , dubbed nt , is travelling at kilometres per second and there is a chance , that it could hit our planet on february , ."
astronomers believe the asteroid could be the most threatening object yet detected in space .
"it is the first object to be given a positive value , of . , on the palermo scale of potential threat posed by asteroids , although scientists said further calculations were needed to pin the precise path of nt ."
"the house narrowly endorsed a major trade bill that president bush says could be a key to american supremacy in the world economy america has fallen behind as a trade leader , bill thomas , r california , the chief sponsor of the bill ."
it is time to pass legislation to get us back in the game .
"biologists and technologists at the university of california , berkeley have spent the past four years called the micromechanical flying insect , that they say will one day fly like a fly ."
"taiwan used to worry only about an old fashioned invasion from rival china , with chinese soldiers sailing to storm the beaches and impose communist rule ."
"now , the island says its defense focus is having to shift to more futuristic threats"
"dramatic new evidence has emerged concerning the final hours of otzi , the bronze age hunter whose frozen body was found in the alps in ."
"the chance discovery of the excellently preserved , year old corpse"
"numerous theories have been advanced , including that he was killed in an avalanche , or simply died of exhaustion ."
"now , however , italian scientists have revealed that he met a more violent end , killed by an arrow ."
now research on the iceman starts over .
the startling discovery was made last week using a technique known as computerised tomography .
"this uses x rays to produce a multi dimensional image of the body , and revealed a hitherto unnoticed flint arrowhead embedded beneath the iceman s left shoulder ."
"the mm long arrow , whose angle of entry suggests it was shot from below , shattered otzi s scapula and ripped through nerves and major blood vessels , paralysing his left arm and causing massive internal bleeding ."
"it ended up buried six centimetres beneath the skin , close to his left lung ."
there is a whole series of new implications .
all the things that have been published over the last eight years are wrong .
the story needs to be rewritten .
"the body , whose age at time of death is estimated at between and years old , was found by two german mountaineers in a glacier on the italian austrian border ."
"patients trying to view the web site of a united kingdom hospital instead found themselves watching instead of information about queen s hospital in burton upon trent , visitors unwittingly downloaded adult material after the site s webmaster in the united states reallocated its internet address to another company ."
"secret documents on japan s world war two plans taken secretly out of the country more than years ago , have been returned to japan , the only nation ever to suffer an atomic attack ."
"a scientist at the tokyo research institute in charge of the plans , who felt that burning all copies would be regrettable , handed the papers secretly to kazuo kuroda , a special assistant to the institute ."
china s state council has blasted which called for an independence referendum and implied that taiwan is a country .
a chinese spokesman said the call for an independence vote amounted to exposing chen s intent toward independence and compared chen to former president lee teng hui .
"chen is trying to split china , formally declaring independence will bring taiwan into disaster ."
a team of more than doctors and nurses worked through the night in a painstaking and intricate process to separate year old twin girls joined at the tops of their heads the girls are lucky
"they have separate brains normal in size and structure and separated by a membrane , meaning surgeons will not have to cut through any brain tissue ."
"taking a leap forward in the study of mars , european engineers began construction on the beagle , a lander slated to hit the red planet in ."
"the ibm pc was introduced to the world years ago at a press conference in new york on august , ."
"evolving from the mits altair computer and taking cues from early pcs such as the apple ii , the ibm pc"
and the story behind its development
provided a foretaste of how the whole tech industry took shape .
"the ibm pc originated not at big blue s armonk , new york , headquarters but at its small division in boca raton , florida , which was headed by ibm veteran bill lowe ."
"it was lowe who proposed to ibm s top brass that they build a personal computer made of components provided by outsiders , bucking ibm s long standing practice of using its own hardware and software ."
a one year deadline was established that would have been impossible to meet operating under ibm s traditionally proprietary ways .
lowe says ibm s decision to buy instead of build was driven by economics .
lowe says the proposal to sell the pc through retail channels led to the decision to go with an open architecture .
"distributors would have to service the product themselves and retailers would accommodate the product only if we used non ibm hardware , he says ."
"one ibm engineer involved in the development of the pc , dave bradley , thinks this decision changed the face of the industry ."
by going with an open system you invite the rest of the industry to participate .
"for example , other companies such as lotus were able to develop applications , bradley says ."
"this paved the way for open hardware standards and , eventually , the opportunity for thousands of companies in the pc sector ."
intel was one of the many companies that flourished .
ibm selected intel s processor for the system chiefly because it was the only bit processor available that had an bit bus .
another company that benefited from the open system was microsoft .
"in the early s the most common os in non apple pcs was cp m , developed by digital research in pacific grove , california ."
"microsoft , then a small software company in bellevue , washington , seized on this opportunity ."
"co founders bill gates and paul allen assured ibm that in addition to developing the basic programming language for the ibm pc , microsoft could provide an operating system ."
"the international monetary fund , seeking to contain a deepening economic crisis said it would provide billion in loans to brazil ."
it is one of the biggest bailout packages in the history of the global lending organization .
the month agreement followed intense talks between the imf and brazil as treasury secretary paul o neill was wrapping up a fact finding mission to the region .
oxford scientists have discovered that a crow called betty is no bird brain .
"betty astonished scientists by deliberately bending a straight wire into a hook the feat , it is said , makes her the first animal other than a human that has shown a clear understanding of cause and effect , and fashioned a tool for a specific task using new materials not encountered in the wild ."
"massive flooding and landslides triggered by torrential rain have killed scores in india , china and the korean peninsula as the monsoon combines with an el nino weather pattern to cause havoc in the region ."
"oscar winning actor nicolas cage married elvis daughter , lisa marie presley , witnessed by family and close friends , the couple recited wedding vows at the mauna lani bay hotel on the big island of hawaii ."
this is presley s third wedding
"she was married previously it was the second marriage for cage , speaking at the end of an economic forum designed to reassure americans that he s paying attention to the economy , said that he is confident the u . s . economy is on the mend ."
but microsoft did not have an os of its own .
"racing against ibm s tight deadline , allen got in touch with a local hardware vendor that did have an os , seattle computer products ."
microsoft executive jeff raikes remembers what the industry was like when he joined the company in .
"the software business was dominated by hardware companies , and everybody thought they would just come in and wipe us out , raikes says ."
people forget that microsoft took a huge bet to think that an independent operating system and programming language would be successful .
we put a real premium on schedule .
"they were able to provide an operating system on the schedule we needed , he says ."
"after shipping in october , the roaring success of the ibm pc meant that pcs were ready to make the leap onto corporate desktops ."
"ibm legitimized the notion of the pc , raikes says ."
"soon ibm compatibles from compaq and software applications such as lotus appeared , and the pc industry shifted into full gear ."
"summarizing the success of the ibm pc , bradley says , clearly it was a product whose time had arrived ."
terabytes of storage
"the . mb floppy might survive longer than we think , but by the traditional floppy , superfloppies such as the zip , and even cd burners will disappear as dvd burners become stock items ."
and multigigabyte hard drives will go by the wayside as multiterabyte drives will be required to hold the microsoft bloatware of a decade out .
bit cpu under the hood
"the typical configuration of today s pc includes a bit processor running at . ghz or faster , mb of ram , and kb of level cache ."
"a limited number of of bit desktop pcs also are expected to ship in , following the delivery of intel s bit itanium processor ."
"in years , we ll all be using bit systems with gb or more of ram and several megabytes of cache to process the voice and video streaming ."
"ten years out , everyone will be using a flat panel screen , typically inches diagonally , but it will sport a built in digital camera for full motion videoconferencing ."
"keyboards and mice will be wireless , and they ll incorporate fingerprint readers for authorizing the user ."
"and these input methods will be supplemented by speech recognition , which , along with biometric security , will be built into the os of future ."
this os will be either a windows derivative or a mac linux fusion .
"in the future , bluetooth and . wireless lans will have evolved into something that is secure ."
it is difficult to foresee whether or not wireless lans will scale to gigabit speeds .
"for net access , there will still be a battle between dsl and cable technologies ."
united airlines parent ual corp .
it may be forced to file for bankruptcy court protection in the fourth quarter coming due in the fourth quarter and insufficient access to capital markets to cover the payments .
"the company has asked for federal loan guarantees from the air transportation stabilization board , that they were getting negative reaction to their application ."
"acknowledging the odds are against them , relatives of the september attacks filed a count , trillion lawsuit against the company the lawsuit was filed in u . s ."
"district court for the district of columbia by more than family members , plus some firefighters and rescue workers ."
"elvis presley may have left the building , but the king of rock n roll lives on and on in the endless corridors of cyberspace ."
"with the arrival of the th anniversary of elvis death on august , , millions of fans were eager to connect with him providing a near religious experience for some and not so spiritual though undeniably profitable opportunities for others ."
"a thick blanket of haze is threatening to envelope more of southeast asia , already prompting health alerts to be issued caused by the illegal lighting of fires has become an annual problem in asia ."
"urged cambodia to help stamp out the trafficking of women and children for sex slavery addressing cambodia s national assembly in the capital phnom penh , high commissioner for human rights said the time had come to bring an end to the trade , which afflicts an estimated , women and children in the region every year ."
"when maureen reagan first noticed a spot on the back of her right thigh about five years ago , she wasn t too concerned ."
"but then it started looking gushy , and reagan knew it was time to see a doctor ."
"when she did , in the winter of , the nuisance became malignant melanoma ."
"after surgery and a year of wrenching treatment with the drug interferon , reagan was optimistic ."
but last fall the melanoma was back .
"by spring , doctors had detected the cancer in her groin , right arm , liver and a rib by july , it had invaded her brain ."
"despite aggressive treatment and a crusading spirit , reagan died last week at home ."
"melanoma is one of the most common cancers in americans between the ages of and when other leading cancers , like lung and colon , rarely occur ."
"this year , the american cancer society estimates , , people will be diagnosed with melanoma and , will die from it ."
"but doctors say those numbers could be slashed if americans knew more about how to protect themselves against the disease , and if they were better informed about how to detect it in its earliest stages , when the odds for long term survival are excellent ."
the hunt is on for better ways to attack melanoma and even stop it in its tracks .
"but for now , says dr ."
the main preventable cause of melanoma is excessive sun exposure .
"so doctors advise avoiding or limiting sun exposure from a . m . to p . m . , and using protective clothing and sunscreen with an spf rating of at least ."
"severe sunburns in childhood may particularly increase the risk of melanoma in later life , so children in particular should be protected , doctors say ."
"when melanoma is caught in its earliest stages and removed , it is highly curable ."
"untreated , melanoma can spread quickly into the body from the skin ."
"millionaire balloonist steve fossett hit turbulence over the andes mountains that forced him to put on his parachute , but he maneuvered through it and passed the halfway point in his bid to become the first person to make a solo balloon flight around the world ."
"edt , fossett was over argentina moving toward the atlantic ocean ."
he is expected to reach the atlantic around a . m .
astronomers announced the discovery of the first solar system other than our own where multiple planets travel around a star in circular orbits .
"of the roughly planets found so far outside our solar system , most travel in tight , erratic orbits around their stars ."
"however , the two planets around the star ursae majoris both travel in nearly circular orbits at a distance that , in our solar system , would place them beyond mars but within the orbit of jupiter ."
"sharks attacked three surfers off florida s upper east coast , a few miles from where three men were bitten the previous day ."
"the day s first attack occurred about a . m . when a shark bit the foot of a year old girl about yards off the beach at wilbur by the sea south of daytona beach , said joe wooden , deputy chief of the daytona beach patrol ."
giant japanese chipmaker fujitsu ltd .
"will announce plans to cut its global workforce by , , or nearly percent , according to newspaper reports ."
"japan s biggest company and the world s number three flash memory chipmaker is set to announce the cuts , say reports in the nihon keizai and yomiuri newspapers ."
"the federal reserve cut short term interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point , its seventh cut this year as part of a continuing effort to keep the u . s . economy from slipping into a recession , and left the door open for further cuts ."
"the federal funds rate , the central bank s target for an overnight bank lending rate , now stands at . percent , its lowest level since march ."
"space shuttle discovery landed at kennedy space center in florida , completing a day mission to deliver a new crew to the international space station and to return the crew that had served almost six months on the orbiting outpost ."
the returning space station residents were reported to be in great shape .
nasa waived the first landing opportunity for the shuttle because of clouds near the shuttle landing facility on florida s east coast .
"asia and other parts of the world need to act now to avert a growing risk of severe environmental damage and profound social unrest , the world bank says a global population of nine billion , six billion of them living in cities , will put enormous demands on energy , water , housing and education according to the report ."
the popularity of internet enabled mobile phones has spurred a huge rise in sex crimes the national police agency said .
"in the first six months of this year , crimes were reported in which victims were contacted through online dating sites , compared with for all of last year ."
"nearly four out of five of the crimes child prostitution accounted for some cases , while others violated child protection laws ."
"the death toll from the west nile virus has risen to as the disease continues to spread across the country , the centers for disease control and prevention said ."
"the mosquito borne virus has now infected people , including the first patients in maryland , nebraska and virginia ."
"the virus has been spreading quickly westward , with officials fearing it will soon reach the west coast ."
"west nile has now been found in horses and birds the united states can t wait before taking action against iraqi president saddam hussein , vice president dick cheney said ."
the latest batch of indicators showed one of asia s fastest growing economies losing momentum amid stuttering growth in the united states and volatility in global financial markets .
these time costs increased with the complexity of the chores
it took longer for subjects to switch between more complicated tasks .
"people in a work setting , says rubinstein , who are banging away on word processors , at the same time they have to answer phones and talk to their co workers or bosses , they re doing switches all the time ."
"but even if you have a cell phone that s not held by hand and can be dialed by voice , you still have a really big conflict because when you re driving you need to be looking at various different places , you need to be reading signs , you need to be talking to yourself about those in order to make decisions about where to go with your car ."
that suggests that a very simple conversation on the phone while driving a car might not draw too much concentration .
"but if the conversation becomes difficult or emotionally charged or mentally taxing , it draws more attention and more mental resources away from your primary task , which is driving the car"
you re more likely to have an accident .
"north korea is armed to the teeth with weapons of mass destruction and selling its weapons and missile technology to any state willing to pay for it , a top u . s . official has warned ."
"denouncing the north korean leadership as an evil regime , undersecretary of state john bolton said that unless the secretive communist state halted its weapons exports and development of weapons of mass destruction it would risk losing what international assistance it was currently receiving ."
"in an attempt to improve bilateral relations between japan and north korea , koizumi has already spoken with u . s ."
and received the white house s u . s . backing for the one day visit .
"japanese equity markets are in turmoil , with the key nikkei average plunging to levels not seen for almost years ."
the sharp decline in tokyo comes as fears grow about the sustainability of any recovery in the world s second largest economy .
"high profile technology related stocks including matsushita electric industrial , hitachi , toshiba and canon are all down sharply ."
big bank mizuho holdings is off more than percent .
are victims of some type of sexual exploitation every year .
"focusing on the united states , richard estes , co author of the study , said the findings debunked many myths about what kind of children are involved in the nation s least recognized epidemic ."
"one of the other myths is that this is a problem of poor , inner city , mostly minority youth ."
"we cannot confirm that to be the case , but rather just the opposite ."
"estes said most of these children are runaways and homeless kids who trade survival sex for food , shelter and clothing on the streets of u . s . cities ."
"however , some children in the united states also engage in commercial sex while living at home ."
"the majority of these children trade sex for money or for more expensive clothes or other consumer goods , estes said ."
most of the customers of these children are members of their own junior and senior high school peer groups .
"many of those who solicit children for sex are men who are married with children of their own , the study reported ."
the report called for the earlier identification and more intensive supervision of sexually offending adults and juveniles .
we ve got to pay closer attention to the problem including what s happening in our own homes and neighborhoods with kids who we think we re taking good care of .
"calling saddam hussein a serious threat , president bush said he would seek approval from congress about taking action against iraq and vowed to make the case against the iraqi leader on the international stage as well ."
"in making the administration case for a regime change in iraq , he invited british prime minister tony blair to camp david he also planned discussions with other world leaders , including the presidents of france , russia and china ."
it would trigger a sales boom in the sluggish wireless market .
"which features a large colour display , ring tone composer and numerous games , has a built in camcorder and technology to view and send seconds of images to other mobile phones ."
those images can be emailed to friends and users can download real time video content .
"big enough to cause widespread damage and death only about once every , years , the destruction would be so extreme that nations should develop a joint defense against asteroids ."
participants at a nasa sponsored conference on the hazards of comets and asteroids smashing into earth the planet probably would be hit about once each millennium big enough to release about megatons of explosive energy .
"a year after the september terrorist attacks against the world trade center and the pentagon , bookstores across the country mark the anniversary with readings , vigils and other events ."
they will also be selling books .
"more than related works are due this fall and virtually all booksellers , a delegation of exiled tibetans arrived in china this week , but china s foreign ministry refused to comment on whether they will discuss reopening official ties between tibet and beijing ."
"beijing s description of the delegation as a private , fact finding mission appeared designed to downplay the significance of the visit and dodge questions about its nature , including the possibility that china s leadership and the exiled tibetan government are trying to reach consensus on the future of the himalayan region ."
"zheng landed percent of her first serves in the match , while vaidisova struggled with hers and was broken five times ."
"nicole had the big serve , said zheng whose exploits have been followed on television by fans back home ."
"zheng has only won three titles on the wta tour in her career , and her best previous grand slam performance came at the french open when she reached the fourth round ."
"at wimbledon , she reached the third round in but missed last year s tournament with a left ankle injury ."
"bangladesh s government raised fuel prices by up to percent tuesday , adding to the cost of living for bangladeshis , most of whom live on less than a day ."
"bangladesh imports crude oil and petroleum products , which are then sold at subsidized rates ."
"we took the decision to raise fuel prices , finding no other way to reduce revenue losses , m . tamim , an aide to bangladesh s interim government , said ."
"under the new rates , which started immediately , a liter of premium grade gasoline will be raised percent to takas . per gallon ."
diesel and kerosene prices were raised . percent to takas . a gallon .
liquefied petroleum gas mostly used for cooking in areas without piped gas supply saw the largest hike of . per cent .
"fuel prices were last raised in april , when a barrel of crude oil cost about a barrel on the international market ."
"recently , crude has spiked above a barrel . bangladesh has already seen increases in transport , commodity and food prices in recent months ."
john mccain and barack obama locked in a statistical dead heat in the race for the white house .
"with just over four months remaining until voters weigh in at the polls , the cnn opinion research corporation survey out tuesday indicates that among registered voters nationwide , obama holds a point advantage over the arizona senator , percent to percent ."
"that represents little change from a similar poll one month ago , when the presumptive democratic presidential nominee held a to percent edge over mccain ."
cnn polling director keating holland notes that tuesday s survey confirms what a string of national polls released this month have shown
"obama holds a slight advantage over mccain , though not a big enough one to constitute a statistical lead ."
"every standard telephone poll taken in june has shown obama ahead of mccain , with nearly all of them showing obama s margin somewhere between and points , holland said . in most of them , that margin is not enough to give him a lead in a statistical sense , but it appears that june has been a good month for obama ."
but the new cnn orc poll shows that the race gets even tighter when the two most prominent third party presidential candidates are considered .
"in a four way matchup that includes independent candidate ralph nader and libertarian candidate bob barr , obama s lead over mccain dwindles to percentage points , percent to percent ."
"nader registers percent , and barr gets percent ."
"a useful rule of thumb is that third party candidates in november get no more than half the support polls show them having in june or july , holland said ."
"one quarter of all registered voters say obama lacks patriotism , according to the poll ."
"that breaks down to percent of democrats , percent of independents and percent of republicans who say obama lacks patriotism ."
starbucks corp . said tuesday it will close stores in the united states in the next year and cut back the number of new stores it had planned to open .
starbucks said percent of the stores slated to be closed had opened since the start of the fiscal year .
the total includes previously announced store closures .
"the company expects charges between million and million related to the closures , including a charge of million in the third quarter ."
once those underperforming stores have shut down a process the company said will happen gradually from now until the first half of starbucks said it expects the change to boost earnings by million a year .
starbucks said it will try to place workers from closed stores in remaining starbucks .
cnn australians have been warned don t get caught annoying the crowds when they gather here later this month to see the pope .
"new regulations give police and emergency services workers the power to order anyone to stop behavior that causes annoyance or inconvenience to participants in a world youth day event , according to a new south wales state government gazette ."
"the laws will apply in dozens of areas of downtown sydney including the city s landmark opera house , train stations and city parks that are designated venues for world youth day , a catholic evangelical festival at which pope benedict xvi will conduct mass and lead prayer meetings when he visits ."
"violators can face a fine of over , under the regulations , which critics are calling a heavy handed blow to free speech ."
"nearly , pilgrims have registered to take part in the july world youth day festival , and organizers say more are expected before the event starts ."
"paris , france cnn brangelina s twins aren t here yet , but the big day is drawing closer ."
the seafront lenval hospital in nice in the south of france said tuesday that angelina jolie had checked in at its santa maria maternity clinic to be kept under doctors surveillance and get some rest before she gives birth .
"it s been planned for a long time , said nadine bauer , a hospital spokeswoman . she s very well . everything is fine ."
"she is not on the verge of giving birth , not at all , she said ."
"the year old actress will almost certainly remain in the hospital until she gives birth , bauer said ."
she said jolie was admitted recently but would not say exactly when .
"beijing , china cnn authorities in southwestern china are reopening their investigation into the death of a teenage girl , following violent demonstrations over how it was handled , state run media reported tuesday ."
"we must put maintaining social harmony and stability on the top of our agenda , said shi zongyuan , a provincial party chief , according to the xinhua news agency ."
the unrest stemmed from the june death of li shu fan .
"police said the girl killed herself , and they released several suspects , hong kong cable tv , a cnn affiliate , reported ."
the state run china daily newspaper attributed the rioters anger to officials alleged attempt to cover up a murder case .
"cnn fifteen camels , several llamas and a potbellied pig broke out of a circus near amsterdam on monday ."
police said the giraffe kicked open a fence and walked out .
"the other animals walked out with him , said amsterdam police spokesman rob van der veen ."
"they made their break about a . m . , wandering about a residential street and riling up a neighborhood dog , police said ."
officers and circus employees rounded them up before they could get too far and returned them to their pens .
waking up in the morning and looking out the window to see those animals walk through the streets .
he also set fire to the building s main gate .
"police identified the year old suspect only by his surname , yang ."
"the unemployed resident of beijing was reportedly unhappy with the punishment he received after being convicted of stealing a bicycle , when he launched his attack on the station , police said ."
he was arrested at the scene .
"british people love pubs so much , in fact , that a recent survey found that they cherish only fish and chips and the queen more ."
yet this enduring icon of british culture is under threat after having flourished for hundreds of years .
"recent surveys found that more british pubs are closing than ever before victims of an indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and food prices , and changing times ."
"tuesday marks one year since england followed wales , scotland , and northern ireland to ban indoor smoking at pubs , restaurants , and bars ."
"london , england cnn britain s prince charles has converted his year old aston martin to run on biofuel made from surplus wine , his office said tuesday ."
"the car was a st birthday present from the queen and the prince has converted it to run on percent bioethanol as a way to reduce his carbon emissions , his office , clarence house , said ."
"to run on percent biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil , clarence house said ."
new york cnn a year old woman collapsed and died on the floor of a waiting room at a brooklyn psychiatric hospital
"and lay there for more than an hour as employees ignored her , according to the new york civil liberties union , which on tuesday released surveillance camera video of the incident ."
esmin green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of kings county hospital center on june for what the hospital describes as agitation and psychosis .
"upon her admission , green waited nearly hours for treatment , said the nyclu , which was among the groups filing suit against the facility last year seeking improved conditions for patients ."
"the video sent the organizations back into court tuesday , demanding immediate reform ."
"portuguese police have handed their file on the madeleine mccann case to prosecutors to determine whether authorities should continue looking for the missing british girl , the country s public prosecution service said tuesday ."
"the move does not mean the case has been closed , prosecutors said ."
"madeleine , then , disappeared while on holiday with her family at the portuguese resort of praia da luz on may , ."
her disappearance drew headlines around the world .
prosecutors said they will now carefully review the elaborate investigation papers to determine whether there are sufficient conditions and enough materials to require further investigation or draw an end to the case .
"paris , france cnn the chief of the french army resigned tuesday after an accidental shooting sunday at a military open house that left people wounded ."
"president nicolas sarkozy has accepted the resignation of gen . bruno cuche , the elysee said in a statement on its web site ."
"the president as he has already stated , is closely following the various investigations now under way , the statement from sarkozy s office said ."
"seventeen people , including some children , were wounded by live bullets sunday as a commando parachute infantry regiment demonstrated a hostage extraction exercise at a military open house in carcassonne , france , in the country s southwest , according to the french military s web site ."
"the federal government s investigation into an outbreak of salmonella caused illness is broadening to include items commonly eaten with tomatoes , federal health officials said tuesday ."
"but tomatoes remain the prime suspect in the outbreak , which has been linked to people , of whom have been hospitalized , said dr . david acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the food and drug administration ."
washington cnn former south african president nelson mandela is to be removed from u . s . terror watch lists under a bill president bush signed tuesday .
"mandela and other members of the african national congress have been on the list because of their fight against south africa s apartheid regime , which gave way to majority rule in ."
the bill gives the state department and homeland security department the authority to waive restrictions against anc members .
"sen . john kerry , a massachusetts democrat , welcomed the move . he had no place on our government s terror watch list , and i m pleased to see this bill finally become law , kerry said ."
"madrid , spain cnn saudi arabia on tuesday ruled out further increases in crude production following its june announcement that it would pump an extra half million barrels a day ."
"in an interview with cnn , saudi oil minister ali al naimi said he was troubled by the current high levels of petroleum prices , but added , we have nothing to do with prices where they are today ."
"asked whether saudi arabia , opec s leading producer , would open its taps to its estimated maximum capacity of million barrels a day , al naimi asked rhetorically , where is the buyer ?"
saudi officials told cnn later that they stand ready to boost their production if the demand materializes .
"orders for august start coming in this week , and those figures might indicate whether that demand exists ."
"sen . barack obama said tuesday that washington needs to draw on faith based groups to solve the challenges the country is facing , from saving our planet to ending poverty ."
"in a campaign stop in zanesville , ohio , obama said change comes from the bottom up , and few are closer to the people than our churches , synagogues , temples and mosques ."
"meanwhile , sen . john mccain focused on crime tuesday in his campaign appearances , saying that congress needs to get its priorities straight so that law enforcement officials can have the resources they need ."
"funds distributed by the department of justice are too often earmarked according to their value to the re election of members of congress instead of their value to police , mccain said at the national sheriffs association s th annual conference in indianapolis , indiana ."
"vienna , austria cnn joyous spanish fans partied hard into the early hours monday morning after their side defeated germany to claim their first major football title in years ."
"fernando torres scored the only goal of the european championship final in vienna sunday , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip ."
"spanish fans in austria and back home went wild on the final whistle , with fireworks being left off and the sound of car horns filling the air in madrid"
"firefighters had to douse the celebrating crowds with water as the temperature neared degrees celsius in madrid after the final whistle , the associated press reported ."
"we suffered , but in the end , it was worth the pain , he said ."
"news agency efe reported that people were hospitalized in the spanish capital , with one person in critical condition with head injuries ."
"in all , emergency services treated people ."
boston red sox manager terry francona declined comment monday on a report the team received a mailed threat targeting black and latin players .
"the boston herald , citing unidentified sources , reported the threat was believed to be postmarked in memphis , tenn . , and that a suspect believed to be from baltimore but living in the memphis area was being sought ."
the newspaper said the team increased security for its three game series against the tampa bay rays .
"i will not discuss that out of respect to everyone concerned , francona said monday night . it s not something we can address ."
no names of players were identified in the newspaper report .
red sox slugger david ortiz said he first learned of the threat from reporters .
i don t think they ll be anything crazy coming out of it .
"boston and tampa bay were playing for the first time since a bench clearing brawl between the teams at fenway park on june . the herald said the threat was not believed to be related to any bad blood between the red sox and rays , who are battling for first place in the al east ."
the online hangout facebook is getting more serious about grammar .
no more should users see jarringly incorrect declarations such as debbie changed their profile picture .
users who haven t specified their gender in their facebook profiles will be asked to do so in the coming weeks .
"that way , facebook doesn t have to default to their or the made up word themself , as it had been doing ."
"while not knowing someone s gender poses grammatical challenges in english , it has created even larger headaches as facebook expands to other languages , where a gender neutral option isn t available in plural form ."
"people who haven t selected what sex they are frequently get defaulted to the wrong sex entirely , naomi gleit , a facebook product manager , wrote friday in a company blog ."
transgendered people and other users who find the male female distinction too limiting will still have the option of removing gender entirely from their profiles .
"philadelphia , pennsylvania cnn cathy campbell did a double take and tapped the brakes when she spotted what appeared to be a pointy edged box lying in the road just ahead ."
the optical illusion is one of the latest innovations being tested around the country to discourage speeding .
"a smaller experiment two years ago in the phoenix area found the faux speed bumps slowed traffic , at least temporarily ."
"now , in a much bigger test that began earlier this month , the national highway traffic safety administration wants to find out if the markers can also reduce pedestrian accidents ."
the fake bumps are being tested on a section of road in a business and residential area in philadelphia s northeastern corner .
but soon they will also be popping up or looking that way on to more streets where speeding is a problem .
"the d markings are appealing because , at to each , they cost a fraction of real speed bumps which can run , to , and require little maintenance , said richard simon , deputy regional administrator for the highway safety administration ."
"on one of three streets tested in the phoenix trial , the percentage of drivers who obeyed the mph speed limit nearly doubled ."
but the effect wore off after a few months .
"initially they were great , said the phoenix police traffic coordinator , officer terry sills . until people found out what they were ."
"vilnius , lithuania cnn unidentified hackers broke into several hundred lithuanian web sites over the weekend , plastering them with communist symbols , government officials said monday ."
"the hackers posted soviet symbols the hammer and sickle , as well as the five pointed star and scathing messages with profanities on web sites based in the ex soviet nation , officials said ."
"more than private and official sites were attacked from so called proxy servers located in territories east of lithuania , said sigitas jurkevicius , a computer specialist at lithuania s communications authority ."
many believe the attacks were a backlash against legislation approved by lawmakers two weeks ago banning the public display of soviet and communist symbols .
president valdas adamkus signed the law friday .
"the law prohibits the public display of the soviet flag , military uniforms and the five pointed soviet star , as well as the playing of the soviet national anthem ."
"oil prices edged higher tuesday , staying above a barrel , amid concerns about tensions between iran and israel and a weakening dollar ."
"oil also rose on expectations the european central bank will likely raise interest rates at its next meeting on thursday , a move that would help strengthen the euro against the dollar , shum said ."
"as the dollar has weakened , investors have been piling into oil contracts , betting that they will gain , thereby offsetting the dollar s decline ."
"since the start of the year , crude has shot up nearly percent ."
"light , sweet crude for august delivery rose cents to . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midday in singapore ."
iran is the world s fourth largest oil exporter and opec s second largest exporter .
about percent of world oil exports pass through the gulf .
african union leaders huddled in egypt monday to address demands they reject the results of zimbabwe s widely discredited runoff in which president robert mugabe was handed a shallow victory .
"mugabe zimbabwe s only leader since its independence from britain in took the oath of office sunday , hours after election results showed he won friday s runoff ."
"however , he was the only candidate in the vote ."
"opposition leader morgan tsvangirai said he is closely monitoring developments from harare , zimbabwe s capital ."
"he pulled out of the election , citing political violence and intimidation ."
"tsvangirai said he could easily get a non zimbabwean passport , but that will mean i may not be able to come back into the country ."
i don t want a situation where i am then treated like a foreigner .
"at the summit , tsvangirai s party has a team of five people , led by the movement for democratic change vice president thokozani khupe ."
"they are reporting very good progress . they have caucused with a lot of people , tsvangirai said ."
"perth , australia cnn a man who auctioned his life his house , his car , his job , even his friends on ebay said monday he is disappointed with the selling price"
"ian usher , a british immigrant to australia , put everything he owned as well as introductions to his friends on the online auction site after a painful breakup with his wife prompted him to want a fresh start ."
"bidding closed sunday and reached nearly , an amount usher said his house in the western city of perth was worth on its own ."
"i guess i m a little bit disappointed at the final price , i d hoped it to be a little higher than that , usher told nine network television on monday ."
but i am committed to selling and moving on and making a fresh start .
"cnn a paris court on monday ordered internet auctioneer ebay to pay million in damages to louis vuitton for selling fake luxury goods online , according to reports ."
"the court also barred ebay from selling four perfume brands christian dior , kenzo , givenchy and guerlain , afp reported ."
"ebay , the world s largest online auctioneer , said it would lodge an appeal and said the decision was not a victory for copyright law ."
"it is based on lvmh s desire to protect its commercial practices and exclude competition , a spokeswoman for ebay in paris told afp ."
"this is being done at the expense of the consumers and sellers to whom ebay is always offering opportunities , she added ."
lvmh told afp the decision was a major coup against illegal internet sales .
"the court barred ebay from running ads for the perfume and cosmetic brands or it would face a fine of , per day ."
royal canadian mounted police said monday that a truck carrying crates of bees was traveling on a ramp on the highway when the load shifted and the truck overturned shortly after gmt .
police said a downpour of rain has helped to contain the bees in and around the truck .
bee experts from agriculture canada were called in to help deal with the accident .
the driver of the truck was not hurt .
iraq s oil minister monday opened international bidding on six oil fields that could increase the country s oil production by . million barrels per day .
"but the oil ministry continues to negotiate short term no bid contracts with several u . s . and european oil companies , including exxon mobil corp . , royal dutch shell , total sa , chevron corp . , and bp a step recently criticized by two u . s . lawmakers ."
"oil minister hussein shahrastani announced monday that international oil companies can bid on long term contracts for redeveloping the six oil fields , as well as two natural gas fields ."
he said the fee based contracts will not give the winning companies a share in the revenue from oil sales because this wealth belong to iraq only and thus we will not allow anyone to share the iraqis oil .
"los angeles cnn the screen actors guild has told its , members to stay on the job even if the union fails to reach a deal with film and television studios before their current contract expires at midnight monday ."
"sag president alan rosenberg said no strike vote has been planned , and the union s negotiators are coming to the bargaining table every day in good faith ."
"any talk about a strike or a management lockout at this point is simply a distraction , he said ."
"the talks have been complicated by a split between sag and the smaller american federation of television and radio artists , which has reached its own agreement with the studios ."
"about , of aftra s , members belong to both unions , and sag leaders have urged those members to vote against the deal ."
cnn a spreading wildfire is forcing the evacuation of a small arizona town monday .
"officials in crown king , a former mining community in the center of the state , are evacuating residents as the fire approaches homes and businesses ."
"the blaze already has burned acres , and the area s dry conditions and high winds are helping it spread ."
fire teams will start a controlled fire in an effort to take flames away from the town and create a barrier for homes and other buildings .
"crown king has only about permanent residents , but on weekends there may be close to , people staying in cabins they own in the area , said nick angiolillo , emergency manager for yavapai county ."
"more than , workers plan to spend the next two weeks cleaning up an algal bloom that threatens olympic sailing events in the eastern chinese city of qingdao ."
"the workers already have weeded out , tons of algae covering parts of the coastal area set aside for the sailing events , state media reported sunday ."
"while the algae poses no health threats , it has blocked sailing routes , the news agency xinhua said ."
"sailors from more than countries already are in qingdao training for the games , which begin august ."
"the pakistan air force said in a statement that the jet broke the sound barrier as it was shifting from an altitude of , to , feet , , meters ."
"earlier , the air force had told cnn that it did not have flights in the air at the time ."
"cnn authorities have restored order in a county in southern china after demonstrators burned a police station and government building , state run news agencies reported ."
"some of about , demonstrators overturned cars and set fires to protest the police investigation into the death of a teenage girl , according to the state run china daily and the privately owned hong kong cable tv , a cnn affiliate ."
"it was the latest of several public demonstrations in china , and it came just weeks before china hosts the summer olympic games in beijing ."
"the unrest stemmed from the june death of li shu fan , , hong kong cable tv reported ."
"police said the girl killed herself , and they released several suspects , according to the station ."
the state run china daily newspaper attributed the rioters anger to officials alleged attempt to cover up a murder case .
"lima , peru cnn the trial of former president alberto fujimori opened here monday with his former intelligence chief , vladimiro montesinos , declaring his boss innocent of the charges he faces ."
"i came here to clarify that mr . fujimori has no responsibility with the actions cited in this process , montesinos told court magistrates ."
"the trial , held in ate vitarte on the outskirts of lima , marks the first time the two men have been in the same room since they both fled the country eight years ago ."
"fujimori , , faces charges that range from bribery and corruption to murder and human rights abuses that carry a potential penalty of years in prison ."
"the remarks will come in harry truman s hometown of independence , missouri , just days before the fourth of july ."
"sen . obama will discuss what patriotism means to him and what it requires of all americans who love this country and want to see it do better , obama spokesman bill burton wrote in a morning e mail to reporters ."
and when false rumors began circulating that he did not say the pledge of allegiance .
president robert mugabe was sworn in sunday after the zimbabwe electoral commission declared he overwhelmingly won the country s disputed runoff election .
"i , robert gabriel mugabe , do swear that i will well and truly serve zimbabwe in the office of president , so help me god , mugabe said at the state house complex in harare , standing before a red robed judge wearing a white wig ."
the international community has roundly called the election allegedly marred by violence and vote rigging a sham .
many voters expressed fear of government retaliation if they did not take part in the vote to extend mugabe s rule .
some said they were required to report the serial numbers on their ballots to mugabe s zimbabwe african national union patriotic front .
"zimbabwe s electoral commission released the final results of friday s runoff vote , showing that mugabe won by an almost to margin , with voter turnout about percent ."
"the final tally , according to the electoral commission , showed mugabe snaring . million votes , or about percent of the ballots , to opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai s , ."
the commission s quick turnaround was a contrast to the five weeks it took the zec to release results from the march election .
"tsvangirai s movement for democratic change quickly denounced the results , calling the election a one man race , a one man circus ."
"we have nothing to do with the so called mugabe win , mdc spokesman nelson chamisa in effect we believe that whatever zanu pf and mugabe are doing is just but a continuation of the sham ."
"the bush administration has launched a significant escalation of covert operations in iran , sending u . s . commandos to spy on the country s nuclear facilities and undermine the islamic republic s government , journalist seymour hersh said sunday ."
"white house , cia and state department officials declined comment on hersh s report , which appears in this week s issue of the new yorker ."
"hersh told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that congress has authorized up to million to fund the secret campaign , which involves u . s . special operations troops and iranian dissidents ."
"president bush and vice president dick cheney have rejected findings from u . s . intelligence agencies that iran has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb and do not want to leave iran in place with a nuclear program , hersh said ."
"they believe that their mission is to make sure that before they get out of office next year , either iran is attacked or it stops its weapons program , hersh said ."
"the new article , preparing the battlefield , is the latest in a series of articles accusing the bush administration of preparing for war with iran ."
"he based the report on accounts from current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources ."
"as usual with his quarterly pieces , we ll decline to comment , white house spokesman gordon johndroe told cnn ."
"the cia , as a rule , does not comment on allegations regarding covert operations , cia spokesman paul gimigliano said ."
"microsoft corp . is scheduled to stop selling its windows xp operating system to retailers and major computer makers monday , despite protests from a slice of pc users who don t want to be forced into using xp s successor , vista ."
"once computers loaded with xp have been cleared from the inventory of pc makers such as dell inc . and hewlett packard co . , consumers who can t live without the old operating system on their new machine will have to buy vista ultimate or vista business and then legally downgrade to xp ."
microsoft will still allow smaller mom and pop pc builder shops to buy xp for resale through the end of january . a version of xp will also remain available for ultra low cost pcs such as the asus eee pc .
"a group of vocal computer users who rallied around a save xp petition posted on the industry news site infoworld had been clamoring for microsoft to keep selling xp until its next operating system , windows , is available ."
the software maker has said it expects to release windows sometime in .
spain claimed their first major football title in years after beating germany in sunday s european championship final in vienna .
"fernando torres scored the only goal of the game , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip ."
germany started the second half strongly as they went in search of an equalizer with german captain michael ballack firing a shot narrowly wide on minutes .
but spain had a series of chances to double their lead midway through the half as sergio ramos headed straight at lehmann and andres iniesta forced two more saves in quick succession from the german keeper .
"football fans had been gathering all day in the austrian capital with around , watching the eagerly anticipated match on giant screens in the fanzone area in the center of the city in addition to a , capacity crowd at the ernst happel stadium ."
cnn the most consistent production unit in hollywood just hit another home run .
"over the last decade , pixar has become a byword for quality , combining cutting edge digital animation with depth of character , slapstick comedy and rich , engrossing storytelling that appeals equally to kids and adults ."
wall e has all of that and more .
"written and directed by andrew stanton finding nemo , it s pixar s most ambitious movie and an instant classic ."
"wall e is a solar powered garbage drone , the last one still operating on an abandoned toxic planet that looks an awful lot like well , is earth ."
"a rusty box sitting on caterpillar tracks , with a retractable binocular shaped head , he compresses junk into building blocks and then piles them up into towers that are shadow skyscrapers of waste in the ruins of an unidentified city ."
electronic billboards still plug defunct products and bring us up to speed handily
"having polluted the planet with more waste than it could handle , globo corporation buy n large evacuated its customers on a five year space cruise the final fun tier , promises the president , played by fred willard , leaving the robots to clean up the mess ."
"it s been years , and wall e is still at work ."
"a whisk , an electric light bulb , bubble wrap ."
"his most treasured item is a vhs tape of hello , dolly ."
"his systems are scrambled when he bumps into eve , a gleaming research pod from the mother ship ."
"at any rate , eve is the apple of wall e s eye ."
wall e isn t a perfect movie
"a pas de deux in front of the milky way with wall e propelled by a fire extinguisher , eve s maternal glow as she carries out her primary directive , the fleeting moment when first time space traveler wall e turns back , sees the earth and tries to share his joy in the discovery ."
a wonderful combination for any movie . wall e is easily the best film of the year so far .
but now they face an unwelcome blast of fresh air
"on july , the netherlands will be one of the last european countries to ban smoking in bars and restaurants in compliance with eu law ."
"the health ministry says the ban will apply to cafes that sell marijuana , known as coffee shops . but this being holland , which for centuries has experimented with social liberalism , there s a loophole"
"the ban covers tobacco but not marijuana , which is technically illegal anyway ."
but that still leaves coffee shops and their customers in a bind .
"dutch and other european marijuana users traditionally smoke pot in fat , cone shaped joints mixed with tobacco ."
"another is to replace tobacco with herbs like coltsfoot , a common plant that looks like a dandelion and that smokers describe as tasting a bit like oregano ."
"paris , france cnn a military shooting demonstration in southeast france on sunday left people wounded , including children , when real bullets were used instead of blank ones , officials said ."
"four of the wounded were in serious condition , including a year old child , bernard lemaire , chief of the regional administration in aude , said on france television . fifteen of the injured were civilians ."
a defense ministry official said the incident occurred during a demonstration of hostage freeing techniques at the laperrine military barracks .
the official said investigators will look into why real bullets were used .
"the soldier who fired the shots has been detained , lemaire said . he said the injuries were likely an accident but that it could have been a criminal act ."
"in a statement , president nicolas sarkozy expressed his horror at sunday s incident at the base , which houses the rd marine infantry parachute regiment ."
"new delhi , india cnn one out of every three families living below the poverty level in india paid a bribe last year for basic public services , like admitting a family member into a hospital , according to a new report ."
"the report by transparency international india and the center for media studies said poor people in india paid about million , million rupees in bribes last year to the police , schools , hospitals and power companies ."
"this kind of corruption that denies people their entitlement to basic and need based services , many of which may be free by law , results in the poor finding themselves at the losing end of the corruption chain , said r . h . tahiliani of transparency international india in a statement ."
transparency is a non profit working toward improving ethical practices in government .
"kuala lumpur , malaysia cnn malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim has denied accusations he sodomized a male aide in a politically explosive scandal , which he blamed on a government conspiracy to thwart his rising clout ."
the accusations revived memories of a similar sex scandal a decade ago that led to his imprisonment and ouster as deputy prime minister .
"hours after the aide filed the complaint , anwar , , took refuge at the turkish embassy , claiming his life was in danger ."
"anwar , , dismissed the accusation as a complete fabrication ."
"certain agents in the national front have initiated plots to harm him , he said ."
he added that he remained committed to work toward a free and just malaysia .
"several embassies offered to shelter him but anwar chose the turkish mission because of his close ties with turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , said badrul hisham shaharin , a senior member of anwar s people s justice party . it was not clear how long he would stay there , even though police say they do not intend to arrest him before investigations are complete ."
"the supermodel who died saturday afternoon after a fall from her th story apartment committed suicide , according to megan cuccia , a spokeswoman for the new york medical examiner s office ."
"ruslana korshunova , , was a native of kazakhstan who was living in new york s financial district ."
"the cause of death was blunt impact injuries , according to the medical examiner s office ."
"cnn a wounded dolphin spotted earlier this week in glasgow , scotland has been seen again closer to the sea , a marine life group said late friday , but there were still concerns about the animal ."
"the dolphin is a risso s dolphin , a deep water species rarely seen so far inshore , the british divers marine life rescue said ."
experts said they were concerned because the animal appeared thin and had a gash above its left eye .
"friday , bdmlr said it had seen pictures of the same adult dolphin taken a day earlier near campbelltown , scotland , near the north channel which separates scotland and northern ireland and closer to the north atlantic ."
it is not unusual for bottlenose dolphins and harbor porpoise to be found in coastal and river regions
"a teenager died saturday after he was decapitated at the six flags over georgia theme park outside of atlanta , authorities said ."
"the youth died after he scaled two foot fences around the batman roller coaster ride , said a statement issued by park spokeswoman hela sheth ."
"he was struck by the coaster and killed , she said ."
"we do not know why this person was intent on gaining access to this restricted area , the statement said , noting that multiple signs are posted stating , danger zone , do not enter and authorized personnel only ."
"some witnesses have stated that the individual was trying to retrieve something he had lost , sheth said in the statement . others reported that he was trying to touch the ride . this is merely speculation at this point , and we are working with park visitors and local police to learn more ."
"no one on the ride was injured , she said ."
"washington cnn sen . barack obama plans to visit europe and the middle east this summer , his campaign announced saturday morning ."
"the senator from illinois and presumptive democratic presidential nominee will visit france , germany , israel , jordan and britain , his campaign says ."
"obama has also said he intends to visit iraq and afghanistan this summer , but no announcements regarding that trip were expected to be detailed saturday ."
"more than were wounded , the state news agency reported ."
"clashes broke out after more than , protesters headed toward the presidential office , news agency yonhap said ."
the demonstrators used ropes to pull down police buses that had been parked around the presidential office to block the marchers from entering .
many carried steel pipes and hurled rocks at officers .
police fired back with water cannons and fire extinguishers .
south koreans have protested regularly since april when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the united states after a five year ban .
"jerusalem cnn the israeli government sunday approved a deal with hezbollah that would involve exchanging prisoners for two kidnapped israeli soldiers , a government official said ."
"the cabinet approved the measure with ministers voting for it and three ministers voting against it , the official said ."
"before the vote , olmert told his cabinet sunday that two israeli soldiers ehud udi goldwasser and eldad regev are not alive , as far as we know ."
"under the deal , israel will release five lebanese prisoners , including samir kuntar , who has been serving four life sentences in israel for a attack in which he killed a four year old girl and her father , a government official said ."
"the deal will also include returning the remains of several slain border infiltrators , the official said ."
jerusalem cnn israel reopened some of its border crossings with gaza
"on sunday , four days after it closed all but one passage because of palestinian rocket attacks ."
"the sufa and nahal oz crossings were open sunday to allow for the passage of fuel , food and medical supplies ."
"last week , israel closed all but the erez crossing on gaza s northern border on wednesday in response to rocket and mortar attacks from gaza a violation of the fragile cease fire between israel and hamas leaders ."
"a u . s . ship has arrived at a north korean port carrying , tons of food aid to be distributed to some of the millions living in hunger , u . n . sources said sunday ."
"the delivery is part of a new deal signed by u . s . , u . n . , and north korean officials and others , which gives outsiders including the u . n . world food program much greater access to the country ."
the deal follows agreement over north korean nuclear activities .
"washington cnn hours after sparring with barack obama over immigration , john mccain told crowd at fundraiser saturday night that sen . obama s word cannot be trusted ."
"you know , this election is about trust , and trusting people s word , and unfortunately apparently on several items , sen . obama s word cannot be trusted , mccain said in louisville , kentucky ."
the comment came as mccain criticized obama for reversing positions on public financing and other issues .
interviews are nothing if not opportunities to drive yourself crazy .
"just remind yourself to look good , appear confident , say all the right things and don t say any of the wrong ones ."
it shouldn t be so hard to follow these guidelines except you ll be on the receiving end of an endless line of questions .
factor in your nerves and you ll be lucky to remember your own name .
"if you walk into the interview prepared , you can make sure you know what right things to say , and you can stop yourself from saying the following wrong things ."
. i hated my last boss .
your last boss was a miserable person whose main concern was making your life miserable .
of course you don t have a lot of nice things to say
"however , don t mistake honesty , which is admirable , for trash talking , which is despicable ."
"if you truly did hate your last boss , i would be prepared to articulate why your last organization and relationship was not right for you , says greg moran , director of industry sales and partnerships for talent technology corp . then be prepared to explain what type of organization is right for you and what type of management style you best respond to ."
. i don t know anything about the company .
chances are the interviewer will ask what you know about the company .
"if you say you don t know anything about it , the interviewer will wonder why you re applying for the job and will probably conclude you re after money , not a career ."
"with today s technology , moran says , there is no excuse for having no knowledge of a company except laziness and or poor planning neither of which are attributes of potential employees sought by many organizations ."
". no , i don t have any questions for you ."
"much like telling the interviewer that you don t know anything about the company , saying you don t have any questions to ask also signals a lack of interest ."
"perhaps the interviewer answered every question or concern you had about the position , but if you re interested in a future with this employer , you can probably think of a few things to ask ."
. i m going to need to take these days off .
we all have lives and commitments and any employer that you would even consider working for understands this .
"if you progress to an offer stage , this is the time for a discussion regarding personal obligations , moran suggests ."
just don t bring it up prior to the salary negotiation offer stage .
. how long until i get a promotion ?
"while you want to show that you re goal oriented , be certain you don t come off as entitled or ready to leave behind a job you don t even have yet ."
. are you an active member in your church ?
"as you attempt to make small talk with an interviewer , don t cross the line into inappropriate chitchat ."
"london , england cnn china s new found wealth has seen an explosion in the number of new developments springing up in what is , arguably , the world s biggest building boom ."
"nowhere is this more apparent than in beijing , which has transformed into a virtual construction zone as the city undergoes an olympic makeover ."
"once a flat cityscape in the shadow of the formidable forbidden city , beijing has been struck by skyscraper fever ."
standing on the edge of the former site of the city s historic walls are a series of eight asymmetrical towers that bestride the smog laden landscape like a colossus .
"dubbed the beijing linked hybrid , this architectural maverick has certainly pushed the design envelope to its very limit ."
"the brainchild of new york architect steven holl , the mixed use unit is a ring of eight story towers , linked at the th floor by gently sloping public sky bridges , lined with galleries , cafes , restaurants , bars and shops ."
"it also has green roofs , filters to protect residents from pollution and large ponds to harvest recycled rainwater ."
among them is that its brand of green luxury won t come cheap .
"with apartments selling for , yuan , or , , per square meter , it can only appeal to china s nouveaux riches , further creating social division in what is already a deprived area of the city ."
"easter island , chile cnn it s earth s most remote inhabited land , a south pacific speck of volcanic rock so isolated the locals call it te pito o te henua , or the navel of the world ."
"but easter island is a bellybutton experiencing a tourist boom and some are worried the onslaught of outsiders could take a toll on the very things they come to see , the gigantic stone heads known as moais ."
"more tourism , more deterioration ."
"we are at the point now where , either we protect what we have or we lose it , she said ."
moais pronounced moe eyes already face a host of natural enemies .
"sun , surf , winds and humidity are eating at their features ."
"erosion tears away the ahus , ceremonial platforms of dirt and stone on which they sit , and even is slowly claiming the island s porous edges ."
"nahoe said most tourists are careful not to harm moais , but some unknowingly walk or climb on them , exacerbating natural deterioration ."
"others deface them deliberately , including a finnish tourist who was fined , after hacking an ear lobe off a statue in march ."
"a grown man wearing a diaper is spun around until he can barely stand , then is made to try an obstacle course carrying pitchers of milk without spilling any ."
"another man , dressed like an insect , flings himself onto a giant sized windshield with a giant sized splat ."
"with the increasing popularity of youtube clips from japanese game shows such as endurance , hole in the wall and human tetris , u . s . networks never shy about imitation are bringing similar antics to their prime time schedules ."
"on tuesday , abc is airing back to back premieres of wipeout p . m edt and i survived a japanese game show p . m . edt , with a domestic edition of hole in the wall coming this fall on fox ."
"cnn the north pole may be briefly ice free by september as arctic sea ice is melted away by global warming , according to scientists from the national snow and ice data center nsidc in boulder , colorado ."
"we kind of have an informal betting pool going around in our center and that betting pool is does the north pole melt out this summer and it may well , said nsidc senior research scientist mark serreze ."
"will completely melt away at the geographic north pole , serreze said ."
"the bush administration hailed north korea s declaration of its nuclear program as a success for the multilateral diplomacy it engaged in through the six party talks with south korea , china , japan and russia ."
as a result of pyongyang s handover of the page declaration document and friday s expected destruction of the cooling tower at yongbyon president bush ordered some sanctions against north korea lifted and instructed the state department to remove the reclusive communist nation from u . s . lists of enemies and nations that support terrorism .
but as important as what the document says is what it doesn t say .
there is no mention of how many weapons north korea has or where they are hidden .
nor did north korea admit to a suspected uranium enrichment program or what nuclear secrets it may have shared with syria .
bush and secretary of state condoleezza rice have pledged a robust verification process to double check north korea s claims . and north korea has promised to allow u . s . inspectors access to the yongbyon facility and to interview its nuclear experts .
"pyongyang , north korea cnn a day after releasing details of its long secret nuclear program , north korea on friday destroyed a highly visible tower at a facility where officials now acknowledge they extracted plutonium to build nuclear weapons , according to reports ."
the massive implosion at the yongbyon facility was intended to be a powerful public symbol of a move to end nuclear activities by the communist nation once branded a member of an axis of evil by u . s . president george w . bush .
but the move will also have a practical purpose .
nuclear experts say that the plant s destroyed central water cooling tower would take a year or longer to rebuild if north korea were to try using the plant again .
"this is a critical piece of equipment for the nuclear reactor , said analyst john wolfsthal , of the center for strategic and international studies , who has been following north korea since the s ."
"without this facility , the reactor can t operate and can t produce more plutonium for weapons ."
"detroit , michigan cnn chrysler llc said thursday that people who buy its vehicles next year will have the option of turning their cars and trucks into wireless internet hotspots ."
"the company said the feature will be available as part of its uconnect system that will debut in most chrysler , dodge and jeep models ."
the wireless internet will come as a dealer installed option and will work over cellular telephone links .
spokesman todd goyer said people will be able to use laptop computers in their cars and trucks just as if they were in an office or home .
"to access the internet , vehicles will need to have uconnect hardware , which chrysler will unveil to compete with ford s sync and other in car electronic systems ."
"new york cnn as paris hilton s sidekick on the simple life , nicole richie showed a flair for comedy and an impish glee at cracking jokes at others expense ."
"the year old celebutante will again display a caustic streak in an upcoming guest spot on nbc s chuck , portraying the mean spirited high school nemesis of undercover cia agent sarah walker yvonne strahovski ."
"in the episode , which will air this fall , sarah must confront richie s character when she is forced to attend her year high school reunion for a mission with fellow agent chuck bartowski zachary levi as her date ."
"nicole auditioned for the part and was very funny , executive producer josh schwartz said in a statement wednesday ."
this role is a great opportunity for her to show off her comedic skills and be diabolically evil and kick some butt . it s going to be really fun .
"the phoenix lander s first taste test of soil near mars north pole reveals a briny environment similar to what can be found in backyards on earth , scientists said thursday ."
phoenix landed a month ago to study the habitability of mars northern latitudes .
phoenix so far has not detected organic carbon considered an essential building block of life .
"last week , the lander found evidence of ice below the soil ."
"scientists generally agree that liquid water , a stable energy source and organic , or carbon containing , compounds are required for a habitable zone ."
the latest experiment was designed to test for minerals that do not have carbon in them .
"earlier this week , phoenix s foot long robotic arm delivered a pinch of dirt dug up from near the surface to its onboard lab ."
"like a chemist , the spacecraft mixed the soil with water brought from earth into a beaker the size of a teacup and stirred it ."
sensors inside the beaker detect the soil s ph and probe for traces of the nutrients .
"preliminary results showed the soil had a ph between and , researchers said ."
"a ph less than means the solution is acidic , while a ph over means it is alkaline ."
"phoenix also detected the presence of magnesium , sodium , potassium and chloride in the mixture ."
"it s very typical of the soil here on earth minus the organics , kounaves said during a teleconference from tucson , arizona ."
new york yankees outfielder hideki matsui remained out of the lineup and the batting cage with a sore left knee thursday and will be re examined friday by team doctors .
"if he is cleared to play , matsui could be the designated hitter for the first of the yankees two games friday against the mets ."
"if the doctors don t like what they see , matsui might be headed to the disabled list ."
"you don t want it to come to that , but if we feel it s in the best interests of him and the ballclub , that s something we ll talk about ."
"matsui had right knee surgery during the offseason , but it s his left knee that is hurting ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn for the first time in three decades , argentina will not meet its goal of beef exports to the european union this year ."
"stems from a bitter dispute between the government of president cristina fernandez de kirchner and farmers , who oppose a tax increase she levied in march on the export of grains ."
fernandez described her move as an attempt to redistribute wealth to other sectors of society so that farmers would not be the only ones to benefit from soaring prices for grains on world markets .
"in response , irate farmers erected roadblocks that paralyzed much of the country s transport of goods ."
"that sparked the ire of truck drivers , who conducted similar demonstrations , further hamstringing traffic , which blocked delivery of food to supermarkets resulting in spot food shortages ."
"refrigerator trucks , used to transport meat from the slaughterhouse , didn t make it to the ports ."
"new york cnn a three year initiative will seek to give hiv tests to everyone in the bronx from age to , the new york city department of health announced thursday ."
the announcement comes on the heels of a report released wednesday that found a high rate of unsafe sexual behavior in the city .
"the bronx has been particularly hard hit , according to the report ."
"a quarter of new yorkers infected with hiv more than , people"
"live in the bronx , and the borough reports a third of the city s aids deaths each year ."
"militants forced their way into the state run hotel in the swat valley early thursday morning , ransacked it and set it on fire , said sardar rehim shahzad , district coordinator for swat police ."
"the hotel , the only one at the malam jabba ski resort , sustained significant damage , he told cnn ."
"cnn romanian authorities plan to decide friday whether to allow an year old girl to have an abortion after she was raped by her teenage uncle , the romanian ministry of health said thursday . the girl is now weeks pregnant"
too far along to have an abortion in romania
"and her parents have said they ll take her to britain for an abortion if the romanian authorities deny her one at home , a spokeswoman at the health ministry said ."
"it is illegal to have an abortion in romania after weeks unless the pregnancy poses problems for the mother s health , said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named ."
abortions are legal in britain up to weeks .
"if the mother wants to go to the uk with her pregnant daughter , it s up to her , said the spokeswoman ."
"the uncle has subsequently gone missing , the ministry said ."
"new york cnn anheuser busch companies inc . , the largest u . s . brewer , will take the energy out of its alcoholic energy drinks as part of a nationwide legal settlement , it announced thursday ."
"an investigation by attorneys general of states found that the brewer was marketing its caffeinated alcoholic beverages to minors and misrepresenting the drinks health benefits , said new york state attorney general andrew cuomo ."
"such as guarana and ginseng from the drinks , making them simply alcoholic beverages instead of alcoholic energy beverages , the company and the attorneys general said ."
"the move takes the company out of the alcoholic energy drink field , and part of the agreement with the attorneys general is that will never again produce , distribute or market any alcoholic drinks containing caffeine or other stimulants ."
cnn the group that coordinates internet domain addresses has voted to open domain name extensions up to a vast new array of possibilities .
"at a meeting in paris on thursday , the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers icann unanimously agreed to a policy that will eventually allow a host of new generic top level domains to join the list of domains that now includes dot com , dot edu and dot org , as well as country extensions such as dot jp or dot it ."
"analysts say the new list could lead to a host of new business , city or hobby specific domain names , such as dot hotel , dot flight , dot fishing or even dot sex ."
icann also voted to break the english language prominence of domain names by allowing internationalized names
"ones using other languages characters , such as chinese or arabic ."
"washington cnn the supreme court on thursday rejected a sweeping handgun ban in the nation s capital , saying it violates americans constitutional right to keep and bear arms ."
"the gun control issue has been politically divisive for years , and the monumental decision is expected to have broad social and legal implications , especially in an election year ."
the majority of justices disagreed with arguments that the district of columbia government has broad authority to enact what local officials called reasonable weapons restrictions in order to reduce violent crime .
it sounds like the setup to a joke a crocodile walks into a bar
drinkers at a watering hole in the australian outback found themselves toasting a baby saltwater crocodile that wandered up to the pub s door sunday .
"no one knows how the two foot long cm crocodile ended up outside the noonamah tavern , located off a dusty highway about miles km from the northern territory capital of darwin ."
"but unusual creatures are all in a day s drinking for the tavern , said bartender leila naray ."
"a couple of men brought the crocodile inside the pub , taped its mouth and naray snapped photos ."
"authorities in southern china are using information obtained from mistresses of government officials to crack down on corruption , state media reported thursday ."
"at least percent of government officials arrested for corruption in the city of dongguan in guangdong province were exposed thanks to their mistresses , the china daily said ."
beijing has been trying to rein in corruption for several years .
a law that went into effect last year mandates that government officials found to have mistresses be dismissed from their posts .
"in recent years , the country has seen several highly publicized corruption cases involving officials who steal"
"the endorsement is expected to help rally support around the presumptive democratic nominee in the critical swing states of ohio , pennsylvania , michigan , wisconsin and minnesota , where union voters make up between and percent of the total vote ."
north korea on thursday is expected to release details on its plutonium stockpile and continue preparations to publicly dismantle a controversial nuclear reactor
key steps meant to assuage international concerns about nuclear activity in the usually secretive communist nation .
"under an agreement hammered out in six nation talks that included the united states and china , leaders in pyonyang agreed to provide a full accounting of the plutonium , acknowledge concerns about its nuclear proliferation and uranium enrichment activities and agree to continued cooperation with a process to ensure that no further activities are taking place ."
they are expected to hand over a declaration on the plutonium activities to chinese officials around midday local time overnight et thursday .
"the chinese would then turn the papers over to the u . s . state department , which is expected to announce that north korea has been removed from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism ."
"before he was let go as mariners general manager , bill bavasi was telling his bosses that the team s problem was the players , not manager john mclaren ."
first they fired bavasi himself . then they axed mclaren .
"but now , with the team buried . games out in the al west , the mariners are finally looking to shake up the roster ."
"technically , that would even include the organization s crown jewel , ichiro ."
"but if the mariners really want to shake things up , they should seriously consider trading ichiro , the international icon who has three tools that are among the best in baseball"
his negatives are that he appears at times to be playing at half speed and to have more interest in stylin than anything of substance .
ichiro isn t the only star on the roster that would draw serious interest in trade discussions .
los angeles cnn brad pitt and angelina jolie s love for children is by no means limited to their own
"the couple has donated million to help kids affected by the war in iraq , the education partnership for children of conflict announced wednesday ."
"these educational support programs for children of conflict are the best way to help them heal , said jolie in a statement from education partnership for children of conflict , which she co chairs ."
"we hope to encourage others to give to these great organizations , pitt added in the statement ."
"washington cnn scientists unearthed a skull of the most primitive four legged creature in earth s history , which should help them better understand the evolution of fish to advanced animals that walk on land ."
"million year old fossil skull , shoulders and part of the pelvis of the water dweller ventastega curonica were found in latvia , researchers report in a study published in thursday s issue of the journal nature ."
"even though ventastega is probably an evolutionary dead end , the finding brings new details on the evolutionary transition from fish to tetrapods ."
"tetrapods are animals with four limbs and include such descendants as amphibians , birds and mammals ."
"although an earlier discovery found a slightly older animal that was more fish than tetrapod , ventastega is more tetrapod than fish ."
"it probably had stubby limbs with an unknown number of digits , scientists said ."
"if you saw it from a distance , it would look like a small alligator , but if you look closer , you would find a fin in the back , said lead author per ahlberg , a professor of evolutionary biology at uppsala university in sweden ."
"i imagine this is an animal that could haul itself over sand banks without any difficulty . maybe it s poking around in semi tidal creeks , picking up fish that got stranded ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japanese police on tuesday arrested a year old man suspected of killing his entire family with a hammer , including a year old granddaughter , a police official said ."
"police discovered the bodies after receiving a phone call from a man who reported killing his family , the official said ."
"they rushed to the suspect s house in kashiwa , east of tokyo , and found the suspect , yoshio kiuchi , slumped on the floor and splattered with blood , the official said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy ."
"they also found the bodies of kiuchi s year old granddaughter , year old wife , year old son and year old daughter in law , he said ."
"a man made an emergency call to police this morning , saying he killed his entire family , the official said ."
cnn the group controlling internet domain names may soon decide whether to relax naming rules and potentially open up a virtual domain name gold rush .
"on thursday , the board of the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers icann will vote on two key proposals ."
"the first would allow domains that do not use latin characters , meaning domain names using chinese , arabic or cyrillic letters ."
the other proposal would allow domains to use nearly any letter or number combination up to characters .
"if icann approves the proposals , the world of . com and . org and country names like . jp or . fr would be opened to a much wider choice , such as . hotel or . sex ."
"just the thought of . sex has bloggers predicting an auction frenzy , as almost any word in any language could become a domain name extension ."
"icann has previously turned down requests for . xxx , which would be used by adult sites , over fear of seeming to give approval of pornography sites ."
analysts say . xxx and nearly everything else would be possible if the rules are relaxed .
"among the exceptions would be trademarked domains , such as . cnn or"
. microsoft not being on general sale .
"london , england cnn a water lily painting by impressionist master claude monet was sold for more than million at auction tuesday , kicking off a week of modern art sales expected to reach records that defy the global economic downturn ."
"as , or water lily pond , was sold by christie s for , , including buyer s premium , making it the most expensive work of art sold by the auction house in europe ."
"he saw the oil paintings of his water garden as a cumulative work in progress , and rarely sold them ."
"one of the other paintings is at the metropolitan museum of art in new york , while another was sold at auction in for . million and is in a private collection ."
the final painting in the series was cut into two before world war ii .
"the one sold tuesday was bought in a new york auction for , . it has not been publicly exhibited since ."
"multi storied buildings where each floor rotates individually around a central core , causing the structure to constantly shift shape ."
"architect david fisher hopes to build his dynamic towers in russia and the united arab emirates by the end of , he said tuesday at a press conference in new york ."
he also hopes to build a similar skyscraper in new york .
both the floor building in dubai and the story structure in moscow will apparently generate their own electricity from solar panels and wind turbines fitted horizontally between each floor .
"along with the usual luxury amenities such as swimming pools , the building plans also call for car elevators so residents can park on their floors ."
cnn saudi authorities announced wednesday that they have arrested hundreds of people over the past six months for allegedly having ties with al qaeda and planning terror attacks against major oil installations in the country .
"saudi interior ministry spokesman gen . mansour al turki said were initially arrested , and are still in custody ."
the remaining were released for lack of evidence .
"some of the suspects are believed to have recruited and trained militants from asia in order to bring them to saudi arabia to carry out terror attacks , al turki said ."
"cnn seventy people have been confirmed dead and more than remain missing more than four days after a ferry capsized in a typhoon off the coast of the philippines , the country s defense minister said wednesday ."
"forty eight survivors have been found washed ashore in various places around sibuyan island , where the ferry was toppled by typhoon fengshen early saturday morning , said gilberto teodoro , who oversees philippine disaster response and was in washington coordinating with the u . s . government ."
passengers and crew members teodoro said .
the u . s . military has sent naval craft from okinawa and hawaii to assist the philippines in relief and search and rescue efforts .
"the u . s . s . ronald reagan , a nuclear powered aircraft carrier , was in the area wednesday in support of relief efforts ."
"washington cnn in a series aimed at rescuing some of the youngest victims from the world s oldest profession , authorities have arrested more than members of prostitution operations and removed juveniles from the sex selling rings , the fbi announced wednesday ."
"the sweeps were conducted in cities nationwide over the past five days , authorities said ."
"our top priority in these cases has always been to identify children victims and move swiftly to remove them from these dangerous environments , fbi director robert mueller said in a news conference ."
"miami , florida cnn an illegal immigrant dishwasher who lost , to the u . s . government as he tried to take it home to guatemala was very , very happy upon hearing of a federal appeals court ruling saying he is entitled to recover some of the money , his attorney told cnn wednesday ."
the appeals court ordered a hearing to set a new fine .
"gershman has said zapeta s attorney , robert gershman , said zapeta was not trying to conceal the money , but he did not know the law ."
"zapeta had paid taxes on the earnings , he said , and under legal guidelines should be fined at most , for failing to report he was traveling with the cash ."
cnn a man who fled the united states for his native england after his wife and daughter were killed was found guilty of their murders wednesday .
"neil entwistle , , repeatedly closed his eyes and shook his head as the foreman read the verdict guilty of two first degree murder charges , possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition ."
"police in hopkinton , massachusetts , discovered the bodies of his wife , rachel , , and his month old daughter , lillian , in the master bedroom of their home on january , , after responding to a missing persons report filed by the victims relatives ."
entwistle fled to england after the killings .
"washington cnn global warming could destabilize struggling and poor countries around the world , prompting mass migrations and creating breeding grounds for terrorists , the chairman of the national intelligence council told congress on wednesday ."
"all of this threatens the domestic stability of a number of african , asian , central american and central asian countries ."
"people are likely to flee destabilized countries , and some may turn to terrorism , he said ."
"chicago , illinois cnn democratic presidential candidate barack obama says he disagrees with a supreme court decision striking down the death penalty for child rapists , telling reporters wednesday that states should be able to execute people for heinous crimes ."
"i think that the rape of small child , or years old , is a heinous crime , the illinois senator said ."
"and if a state makes a decision that under narrow , limited , well defined circumstances the death penalty is at least potentially applicable , that does not violate our constitution ."
"the supreme court ruled that capital punishment can be applied only to murderers , striking down a death sentence for a louisiana man convicted of sexually assaulting his year old stepdaughter ."
john smoltz is keeping his right arm numb and his hopes for a comeback warm .
"smoltz , who had season ending shoulder surgery on june , spoke tuesday while wearing a compression sleeve that keeps his arm a frigid degrees ."
he s happy with the high tech device which he said allowed him to sleep for five hours his longest yet on monday night while cutting back on pain medication .
smoltz said he s not yet able to watch games from the dugout because he s worried about having to make a sudden move and hit the arm .
"he hopes to be out of the sling , and back in the dugout , by the all star game ."
smoltz hopes to know more about his hopes for a comeback during the next few months .
his doctors have said he can begin throwing within four months .
smoltz was with a . era in six games despite pitching through pain .
"smoltz , , is the only pitcher in baseball history with wins and saves ."
he holds major league records with victories and strikeouts in the postseason and won the cy young award .
"sen . barack obama has asked top contributors to help his former rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , retire her debt , an obama campaign source said tuesday ."
clinton suspended her campaign and endorsed obama for the democratic presidential nomination this month .
"she has amassed a campaign debt of about million , but about million of that is money the new york senator loaned to the campaign herself ."
"individual donors can contribute , to individual candidates ."
"clinton and obama have scheduled a joint campaign appearance friday in unity , new hampshire ."
obama said tuesday that he had spoken with clinton by phone earlier in the day as well as on sunday .
"we had a good conversation , he said . we re looking forward to seeing each other tomorrow and campaigning on friday ."
"toyota may scale back its ambitious target of selling more vehicles in the united states this year than it did in , as damage from an economic slowdown and soaring oil prices becomes more fully known ."
"surpassing the . million vehicles the company sold last year in the u . s . its biggest market would be difficult , executive vice president tokuichi uranishi told a shareholders meeting tuesday , according to toyota spokesman paul nolasco ."
the world s no . automaker announced in december that it was hoping to sell . million vehicles in the u . s . in and predicted a jump in global sales to . million vehicles because of strong sales in emerging markets such as china and russia .
"in july , as it does every year ."
"through the first half of june , total auto sales in the u . s . were running at an annualized rate of about . million vehicles , according to j . d . power associates ."
it was the lowest level for june in decades and a huge drop from the year earlier rate of . million vehicles .
"uranishi projected that total u . s . auto sales could slip under million vehicles this year , nolasco said ."
"last week , ford motor co . f , fortune said industrywide sales could drop as low as . million for the year , which would be the lowest level in years , according to ward s autoinfobank ."
zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai called wednesday for armed international peacekeepers to secure a new presidential election in the country where violence has marred a runoff set for this week .
tsvangirai won the most votes in the march election but failed to gain a majority .
"he formally withdrew tuesday from the runoff against president robert mugabe , who said friday s vote would take place as planned ."
"we do not want armed conflict , but the people of zimbabwe need the words of indignation from global leaders to be backed by the moral rectitude of military force , tsvangirai wrote in wednesday s edition of the british newspaper the guardian ."
they would separate the people from their oppressors and cast the protective shield around the democratic process for which zimbabwe yearns .
"the u . n . security council unanimously condemned the zimbabwean government monday for its campaign of violence and intimidation but stopped short of calling for a postponement of the runoff or for a new election . tsvangirai , however , was clear ."
"the reality is that a new election , devoid of violence and intimidation , is the only way to put zimbabwe right ."
"meanwhile , mugabe said tuesday that the runoff will happen as planned . we will proceed with our election"
"we are a sovereign state , and that is it . they can shout as loud as they like from washington or from london or from any other quarter . our people , only our people , will decide , and no one else ."
"vancouver , british columbia cnn a new case of mad cow disease was confirmed in canada , its th case since ."
"there was no risk to public health because no part of the animal entered the human food systems , government inspectors said ."
"the canadian food inspection agency said monday that the latest case of mad cow disease , also known as bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or bse , does not suggest the problem is more widespread ."
mad cow disease causes spongy holes in the brain .
"in people , a rare but fatal form of the disease called variant creutzfeldt jakob disease has been linked to eating infected tissue from cows ."
"we re very confident that bse is not common in canada because of our surveillance , said george luterbach , a veterinarian with the agency ."
it is the third case in british columbia in the last three years .
"asuncion , paraguay cnn paraguay s senate failed to muster a quorum tuesday , thereby frustrating president nicanor duarte frutos s bid to resign two months before the end of his term to join that same legislative body ."
"an insufficient number of members of liberals , minority party members and even some members of his ruling colorado party showed up in the senate to form the quorum necessary to approve the resignation request he made on monday ."
"that means duarte must continue as president of the republic until congress decides to accept his resignation or until august , when his term of office officially ends ."
"can proceed with his lawsuit against the maker of m ms and its ad agency , whom he accuses of trademark infringement , a new york judge has ruled ."
"burck lawsuit against mars inc . and chute gerdeman inc . alleges they infringed on his trademark and violated his privacy when after they released ads showing a guitar playing m m dressed in burck s trademarked white cowboy hat , white cowboy boots and white underpants ."
"u . s . district judge denny chin ruled monday that the trademark infringement claim can proceed , but he dismissed the privacy claim , saying new york law protects the name , portrait , or picture of a living person , not a character created or a role performed by a living person , according to new release from the court ."
"twenty six alleged members of a hispanic gang believed to be one of the nation s largest and most violent were indicted in north carolina and charged with offenses including drug activity , racketeering , assault and murder , according to federal court documents ."
"and committed multiple robberies and assaults , among other crimes , the department of justice said in a written statement ."
"one of the gang s purported leaders allegedly directed activities from his el salvador prison cell , communicating with u . s . gang members and receiving money they wired , authorities said . from cnn justice producer terry frieden"
"u . s . immigration authorities denied the visa because george , , faces trial in november in london on charges of false imprisonment relating to an april incident , according to a statement from boy george s management , posted on his site ."
"george is astounded at the decision and is having his lawyers here in the states look at it in the hope that someone will change their mind , the statement read ."
"boy george , whose real name is george o dowd , was charged in london last november with false imprisonment following a complaint from a year old man , police said . the incident happened in east london the previous april , police said ."
"rutgers women s basketball team nappy headed hos , called jones a lovely"
imus suggested that the controversy is fueled by people who are out to get him .
what people should be outraged about is that they arrest blacks for no
"reason , and i mean there s no reason to arrest this kid six times , imus said ."
from citadel broadcasting s wabc am in new york and syndicated by abc radio network and simulcast on rfd tv .
"cnn authorities in a northern malaysian city have forbidden muslim women from wearing bright lipstick and noisy high heeled shoes , saying the directive is intended to prevent sexual assaults and illicit sex ."
"the national news agency , bernama , said the directive was issued by the municipal council of kota baru and is aimed toward muslim women working in restaurants and other businesses in the city ."
it said the ban will safeguard the morals and dignity of the women as well as thwart rape .
"it states that muslim women are forbidden to wear thick make up , like bright colored lipstick and high heeled shoes that gave a tapping sound , the news agency said ."
"officially , people are dead with another missing , , according to authorities ."
"because it is presumed that the missing people are already dead , the total death toll of this disaster is likely to exceed , , said vice premier hui liangyu ."
"if all the missing are dead , then the death toll would top , ."
"the magnitude . quake devastated sichuan province and surrounding areas on may , leaving more than million people homeless ."
"philippine divers found bodies but so far no survivors inside the hull of a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , a philippine coast guard official said tuesday ."
"a total of people of them passengers were aboard the princess of the stars when it overturned about a mile off sibuyan island early saturday as typhoon fengshen pummeled the philippines , according to the ship s owner , sulpicio lines ."
"rescuers earlier found at least survivors and at least dead from a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , the philippine information agency said monday ."
"jerusalem cnn an israeli soldier committed suicide at tel aviv s airport during a departure ceremony for french president nicolas sarkozy , prompting security guards to whisk sarkozy and his wife into their plane ."
the sound of the gunshot sparked an immediate security alert .
"video showed sarkozy and his wife , carla bruni , shaking hands with officials at the base of the stairs leading up to the plane when israeli security guards interrupted them ."
the sarkozys quickly walked up the stairs into the aircraft while the guards surrounded prime minister ehud olmert and moved him and other israeli officials into a waiting car .
jerusalem cnn israeli prime minister ehud olmert will ask his cabinet on sunday to approve a deal with hezbollah that would involve exchanging prisoners for two kidnapped israeli soldiers .
"olmert told karnit goldwasser , the wife of one of the kidnapped soldiers , about the development , she said ."
hezbollah militants kidnapped ehud goldwasser and eldad regev and killed three other israeli soldiers in a july raid into northern israel .
israeli troops invaded lebanon in an unsuccessful attempt to rescue the soldiers .
israel s chief military rabbi began a procedure on monday to determine if the two soldiers are dead or alive .
"i look forward to being back with this great team , she said as she returned to the senate at the end of a two week vacation , taken after she conceded the month long primary contest to sen . barack obama ."
"the second term new york democrat pledged to immerse myself in there , pointing to the chamber ."
she had just emerged from the party s weekly luncheon that senate majority leader harry reid called one of the most emotional caucuses he s ever attended on capitol hill .
"he said the new york senator entered the event to a sea of high fives , cheers , and a standing ovation from her democratic colleagues ."
"cnn sen . barack obama on tuesday blasted sen . john mccain s energy plans as gimmicks , saying his policies will only increase our oil addiction for another four years ."
"for decades , john mccain has been a part of this failure in washington ."
"he commended mccain for speaking out on climate change but said that time and time again , he has opposed investing in the alternative sources of energy that have helped fuel some of the very same projects and businesses that he s now highlighting in this campaign ."
sen . john mccain on tuesday said energy efficiency should begin at home and proposed that the federal government purchase more environmentally friendly vehicles .
"every year the federal government buys upwards of , cars and other vehicles , not including military or law enforcement vehicles , mccain said , according to an advance copy of his remarks ."
"from now on , we re going to make those civilian vehicles flex fuel capable , plug in hybrid or cars fueled by clean natural gas . if our great goal is to move american transportation toward lower carbon emissions , then it should start with the federal fleet ."
curt schilling could be throwing off a mound by january after having shoulder surgery monday that keeps him on target to pitch by the middle of next season if he decides to return .
"schilling , who hasn t pitched this season , decided last week to have the operation after the rehabilitation the team preferred didn t relieve the pain he felt when throwing from a mound at far below maximum effort ."
the year old right hander and postseason star knew it would end his season and possibly his career .
chances of pitching again seem more likely after the operation .
his postseason record is the best of any pitcher with or more victories and he has a . postseason era in starts .
"gere , a buddhist who has been active in the movement to free tibet , appears in the tv ad for fiat s new lancia delta , using the car to whiz from hollywood to the snows of the himalayas , where he plays with a group of young buddhist monks ."
fiat said in a statement friday that casting gere for the ad had not been a political choice and was not driven by the desire to interfere with the internal political system of any country .
the company apologized to china s government and its people for any offense arising from misinterpretations of its well established position of neutrality .
"however , a fiat spokesman said the company would continue to run the ad in italy and would introduce it in other european countries as the lancia delta goes on sale across the continent ."
"the spokesman , who could not be identified under company policy , said the ad was not being aired in china , where the car is not on sale ."
"gere has been vilified in china for criticizing beijing s human rights records and policies toward tibet , which chinese communist troops occupied in ."
"he is also a close supporter and student of the region s exiled buddhist leader , the dalai lama , who beijing says is a separatist ."
"the u . n . security council has unanimously condemned the zimbabwean government because of violence that has marred the campaign leading up to a scheduled presidential election runoff , which forced the withdrawal of the opposition candidate from the race ."
"the council s statement issued late monday questioned the legitimacy of any election held under such circumstances but did not directly call for the runoff , scheduled for friday , to be postponed ."
"earlier , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon made that appeal , saying the vote runoff as currently scheduled would only deepen divisions within the country and produce a result that could not be seen as credible ."
"but boniface chidyausiku , zimbabwe s ambassador to the united nations , said after the security council vote that the runoff would take place as planned ."
"the security council cannot micromanage political elections in any country , he said . they have expressed their view , and we take note of their view ."
"but as far as we re concerned , the date is set ."
"opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai , who announced sunday that he was dropping out of the runoff , took refuge monday in the dutch embassy in harare ."
"he cited an ongoing campaign of political intimidation , harassment and arrests by president robert mugabe s government and the ruling zanu pf party ."
mugabe spokesman george charamba said monday that there is nothing on this good earth that will stop the elections on the th .
chidyausiku said the violence is not widespread .
"the problem is the secretary general and other members of the security council are basing their arguments on sensationalist reports that are coming from zimbabwe , he said . when i talk to people at home , and what you see in the international media , you would think you are talking about two different countries ."
tokyo cnn japanese police arrested a year old man monday for allegedly threatening on the internet to go on a stabbing spree at tokyo disneyland .
authorities were also searching for a woman suspected of wounding three people in a knifing incident sunday .
"since the deadly stabbing attack in early june , police have arrested several people for allegedly using the internet to make chillingly specific threats of violence ."
"i will go to disneyland to stab visitors to death , the year old wrote , according to a police official in chiba , the suburban area where the amusement park is located ."
the suspect s name was not released because he is below the age of a minor under japanese law .
"investigators have found no evidence that he was preparing to carry out a real assault , the official said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy ."
the arrest on monday coincided with a search for a woman suspected of stabbing three people in the arm at a crowded train station in the western city of osaka .
"cnn colombia s main rebel group , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , has released a video of an abducted congressman as proof the politician is alive ."
"the video , broadcast saturday on colombian tv caracol , showed sigifredo lopez , who was kidnapped in with other politicians in the city of santiago de cali ."
"in the footage , lopez cites the date as march , , and confirms that other members of his party died in captivity on june , ."
"lopez asked the government of president alvaro uribe , who has been intransigent in negotiating with the guerrillas , to reach a deal quickly with the rebels and exchange prisoners for colombian hostages in a safe haven ."
"lopez added that he suffers from migraine headaches , stress , insomnia , depression and hypertension ."
"los angeles , california cnn comedian actor george carlin , know for his raunchy , but insightful humor , died of heart failure sunday in santa monica , california , his publicist said ."
he was .
"carlin , who had a history of heart problems , went into the hospital sunday afternoon after complaining of heart trouble , said publicist jeff abraham . he died at p . m . p . m . et at st . john s hospital ."
"carlin was best known for his routine seven words you can never say on television , which appeared in s class clown album ."
the comedy sketch prompted a landmark indecency case after wbai fm radio in new york aired it in .
the federal communications commission ruled the material indecent .
"the case was appealed to the u . s . supreme court where the justices ruled in on a to vote that the sketch was indecent but not obscene , giving the fcc broad leeway to determine what constituted indecency on the airwaves , especially when it involves children ."
"so my name is a footnote in american legal history , which i m perversely kind of proud of , carlin said . in the context of that era , it was daring ."
"london , england cnn nelson mandela is in london for a week of events to celebrate his th birthday ."
the former south african president s plane landed at heathrow airport monday morning .
he is due to attend an outdoor concert in his honor in hyde park on friday .
"performers include queen , annie lennox , leona lewis and the soweto gospel choir ."
"troubled diva amy winehouse is also scheduled to sing , if her doctors allow it ."
she was taken to a hospital last week after fainting at home .
"proceeds from the concert will go to the charity , the aids charity named for the number mandela wore while imprisoned by south africa s apartheid authorities ."
"mandela also is due to meet prominent supporters , including prime minister gordon brown , former u . s . president bill clinton and talk show host oprah winfrey ."
"mandela , who turns on july , has visited london many times , and has expressed gratitude to the city for the constant vigil that was held outside the south african embassy during the apartheid years ."
"friday s concert coincides with the th anniversary of london s free mandela concert , held to demand he be freed from prison ."
"after years behind bars , and was elected south africa s first black president in ."
washington cnn the airline industry on monday blasted a proposal from the department of homeland security to require air carriers to collect the fingerprints of foreign air travelers departing the united states .
"in comments to dhs , the air transport association said the proposed rule is unjustifiable and should be terminated ."
"the ata , the trade organization of the u . s . airline industry , said fingerprinting is a border control responsibility of dhs ."
"the airlines objected to paying for the cost of carrying out the proposal , an estimated . billion over years ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn u . s . led coalition forces said monday they killed militants in response to an ambush in eastern afghanistan ."
"coalition troops launched ground and air attacks in response , killing militants and wounding . they also detained three others , the statement said ."
"in the second incident , a coalition attack on militants planting a roadside bomb in eastern afghanistan killed two civilians , including a child , an afghan official said monday ."
a coalition spokesman confirmed the sunday night attack on the insurgents but said he did not know of any civilian casualties .
"brisbane , australia cnn police say they have charged a man found asleep in a motorized wheelchair on a highway in northern australia with drunk driving ."
"the officers breath tested the year old man , who registered a blood alcohol reading of . more than six times the legal driving limit and charged him with operating a vehicle while drunk ."
"the man , whose name was not released , told police he was making a km nine miles from his home to a friend s place , waters said ."
"beijing , china cnn china is planning a major cleanup operation for mount everest next year and may limit the number of climbers and other visitors , tibet s environmental protection chief was quoted as saying monday ."
"the cleanup and new measures are planned for the second half of , zhang yongze told the official xinhua news agency ."
"china has already enacted some restrictions , including forbidding vehicles from driving directly to the base camp at , feet , meters , zhang said ."
"mineola , texas cnn in the windowless front rooms of a former day care center in a tiny texas community , children as young as were fed powerful painkillers they knew as silly pills and forced to perform sex shows for a crowd of adults ."
two people have already been convicted in the case .
"now a third person with ties to the club , previously known in town only as a swingers group , is set to go on trial monday not far from mineola , population , ."
"patrick kelly , , is charged with aggravated sexual assault of a child , tampering with physical evidence and engaging in organized criminal activity ."
"in all , six adults have been charged in connection with the case , including a parent of the three siblings involved ."
"jurors this year deliberated less than five minutes before returning guilty verdicts against the first two defendants , who were accused of grooming the kids for sex shows in kindergarten classes and passing off vicodin as silly pills to help the children perform ."
jamie pittman and
shauntel mayo were sentenced to life in prison .
"kelly also faces a life sentence if convicted , and smith county prosecutors hope for another swift verdict ."
"asuncion , paraguay cnn paraguay s president nicanor duarte offered congress his resignation monday , two months before his term is slated to end ."
"duarte , a member of the ruling colorado party who was barred from running for a second five year presidential term in last april s elections , instead ran for and won a seat in paraguay s senate ."
president elect fernando lugo of the patriotic alliance for change is slated to take office on aug . . he has supported duarte s right to resign .
"washington cnn president bush has nominated lt . gen . ann e . dunwoody to serve as head of the army s supply arm , a promotion that would make her america s first female four star general , the pentagon announced monday ."
"the nomination would make dunwoody , appointed the deputy commanding general and chief of staff of the army materiel command last week , to the top spot at the command . the senate must confirm her promotion ."
"this is an historic occasion for the department of defense , and i am proud to nominate lt . gen . ann dunwoody for a fourth star , said defense secretary robert gates ."
"her years of service , highlighted by extraordinary leadership and devotion to duty , make her exceptionally qualified for this senior position ."
"dunwoody , a native of new york , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in after her graduation from the state university of new york in cortland ."
"she holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management , and became the army s top ranking woman in ."
washington cnn north korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial yongbyon nuclear reactor on friday .
the destruction of the plant s cooling tower is part of an agreement with the united states aimed at denuclearizing the korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive communist country .
"the north korean government has invited news organizations , including cnn , to witness the event ."
"earlier this year , pyongyang agreed to disable its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile , acknowledge concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity , and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities are taking place ."
"north korea has been taking yongbyon s main reactor apart , but"
imploding the cooling tower is an exceptionally important psychological step given that the highly recognizable shape of the structure is synonymous with nuclear power plants .
"the united nations nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency , says it would take a year to rebuild if north korea decided to go back on its agreement , and that the construction could not be done in secret ."
"cnn rescuers have found at least survivors and at least dead from a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , the philippine information agency said monday ."
"a total of people were on board the princess of the stars including passengers , according to the ship s owner , sulpicio lines ."
a red cross official said victims and survivors from other fishing boats that capsized in the area have been found as well .
oil and energy are expected to be on the agenda as mccain campaigns in california and sen . barack obama speaks in new mexico on monday .
"mccain , during a town hall style meeting at fresno state university , is expected to propose a million prize for whoever can develop an automobile battery that has the size , capacity , cost and power to leapfrog the commercially available plug in hybrids or electric cars ."
spain beat world champions italy on penalties to reach the semifinals of euro after sunday s match in vienna had ended scoreless .
spanish captain and goalkeeper iker casillas saved penalties by daniele de rossi and antonio di natale to leave cesc fabregas to beat gianluigi buffon with the deciding kick .
"david villa , santi cazorla , marcos senna also scored for spain , but dani guiza had his effort saved by buffon ."
fabio grosso and mauro camoranesi scored their penalties for italy who won a shoot out to beat france in the final of the world cup .
"clearly losing on penalties after working so hard doesn t leave us happy , italy coach roberto donadoni told the associated press . we all spent a lot of energy ."
"they ve got to be the most disappointed , and i m sorry for them ."
spain will return to the ernst happel stadium on thursday to play russia for a place in the final of the tournament .
germany play turkey in the first semifinal in basle the previous night .
"i would like to congratulate first of all my players for their remarkable behavior and maintaining their morale during the match , said year old spanish coach luis aragones after the penalty drama ."
"it was very difficult because the italians closed down all the spaces , which made it difficult to play our natural game ."
sen . barack obama on sunday said as president he would strengthen government oversight of energy traders he blames in large part for the skyrocketing price of oil .
the democratic candidate s campaign singled out the so called enron loophole for allowing speculators to run up the cost of fuel by operating outside federal regulation .
oil closed near a barrel on friday almost double the price a year ago .
"my plan fully closes the enron loophole and restores commonsense regulation as part of my broader plan to ease the burden for struggling families today while investing in a better future , obama said in a campaign statement ."
"obama s campaign blamed the loophole on former sen . phil gramm , a texas republican who serves as republican candidate sen . john mccain s co chairman and economic adviser ."
the obama campaign accused gramm of inserting a provision into a bill in late at the behest of enron lobbyists that exempted some energy traders from government oversight .
houston based enron collapsed in scandal in when it was discovered the company had vastly overstated its income .
mccain spokesman tucker bonds said mccain has supported efforts to close the loophole and noted the bill in question was signed into law by former president clinton .
"the fact that barack obama is attacking john mccain , despite mccain s leadership on the issue , shows that barack obama is driven by the partisan attacks that americans are tired of , bounds said ."
"london , england cnn supermodel naomi campbell has been sentenced to hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting two police officers following an air rage incident at london s heathrow airport ."
"according to the british press association , the year old pleaded guilty at uxbridge magistrates court , west london to two counts of assaulting a police officer , one count of disorderly conduct likely to cause harassment , alarm or distress and using threatening , abusive words or behaviour to cabin crew ."
"prosecutors described how campbell kicked and spat at police , used foul language and accused airline personnel of racism after she was told that one of her bags had not been placed on the british airways flight to los angeles on april ."
"model was also ordered to pay to each of the police officers she attacked and to miles sutherland , the captain of the british airways plane she disrupted , in addition to a , fine ."
"beijing , china cnn the official death toll from the may earthquake in china stood at , as of sunday , state media reported ."
"another , people were injured and , are still missing after the . magnitude quake struck sichuan province and surrounding regions , according to xinhua ."
"the number of missing has increased more than a thousand from a week ago when the government reported that , people had not been found ."
"the latest death toll report is little changed from a week ago when the confirmed number killed was put at , ."
"the number of injured from the quake was also barely changed , but more than a week earlier ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id seoul , south korea cnn"
"strict inspections will be in place when south korea resumes importation of u . s . beef , following a public outcry over concerns about mad cow disease ."
"please prepare sufficient quarantine inspection measures ahead of imports , fully reflecting the results of the additional talks , prime minister han seung soo said at a meeting with agriculture officials , the yonhap news agency reported ."
u . s . beef imports are expected to resume this month .
a revised agreement between seoul and washington was confirmed on saturday after a series of negotiations .
"it allows for the resumption of imports of american beef , but not from cattle older than months , including the exclusion of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease ."
"the initial deal that would have allowed the import of almost all u . s . beef prompted widespread public protests shortly after it was announced in april , essentially paralyzing the government of president lee myung bak ."
"zimbabwe opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai said sunday he would not participate in friday s presidential runoff , provoking dismay from international observers and handing an apparent victory to president robert mugabe ."
"a free and fair election is impossible , tsvangirai told reporters sunday . we in the mdc have resolved that we will no longer participate in this violent , illegitimate . . . sham of an election process ."
"mugabe , who has been zimbabwe s only leader since it gained independence from britain in , was facing his toughest re election battle yet ."
"tsvangirai led mugabe in the march election , but failed to win enough votes to avoid a runoff ."
"patrick chinamasa , zimbabwe s justice minister , denied the mdc s allegations of intimidation and said tsvangirai was dropping out to avoid a humiliating defeat ."
"but britain , the former colonial power in zimbabwe , blasted mugabe s government for claiming a tainted victory built on state sponsored violence ."
"i think the people around robert mugabe realize that power is ebbing away , and it s vital that they realize that there is no future other than a bleak one for a mugabe regime that seeks to hang onto power at the barrel of a gun , british foreign secretary david miliband said ."
the southern african development community has called on mugabe to postpone friday s vote .
"and in a statement issued sunday evening in new york , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon s office called for an immediate end to the campaign of violence and intimidation that has marred this election ."
"london , england cnn singer amy winehouse has lung damage and irregular heart beat , says her father ."
"soul diva amy winehouse has damaged her lungs by smoking crack cocaine and cigarettes , her father said in an interview published sunday ."
"the sunday mirror quoted mitch winehouse as saying that amy has an early stage emphysema and an irregular heartbeat , and has been warned that she will have to wear an oxygen mask unless she stops smoking drugs ."
there are nodules around the chest and dark marks . she has percent lung capacity .
winehouse collapsed at her north london home monday after signing autographs for a group of fans and was taken to a london hospital for tests .
she remained there all week .
school administrators in ohio voted friday to begin the process of firing a middle school teacher accused of burning a cross into a student s arm and refusing to keep his religious beliefs out of the classroom .
"the mount vernon school board passed a resolution to terminate the employment of john freshwater , an eighth grade science teacher for the past years ."
"freshwater , according to an independent report , used an electrostatic device to mark a cross on the arm of one of his students causing pain to the student the night of the incident and leaving a mark that lasted for approximately weeks ."
"according to the ohio department of education , the student s family has filed a lawsuit ."
cnn an alabama man whose wife died during a honeymoon scuba diving trip off the coast of australia almost five years ago has been charged with murdering her .
"an australian coroner ruled friday there was enough evidence to put gabe watson on trial for the death of tina watson , who was when she drowned in october while diving around a historic shipwreck in australia s great barrier reef ."
"watson , , told police his new bride appeared to panic feet underwater and that he looked into her eyes and saw her eyes were wide open but there was no response , townsville coroner glascow said in his inquest findings ."
were inconsistencies in watson s statements to investigators .
he said he was unable to conclude that tina s death was an accidental drowning .
"cnn the olympic torch made its controversial passage through the tibetan capital , lhasa , saturday with most local residents kept away ."
"but political rhetoric was present , according to a journalist who was there ."
australian journalist stephen mcdonell said it was quite bizarre to watch a controlled crowd smile and wave as the flame arrived at the palace .
mcdonell said it was obvious that ordinary tibetans were not allowed to attend .
"the local general secretary of the communist party used the event to make a pro china political statement against the dalai lama s government in exile , mcdonell said ."
he said the official declared that the stars of china will forever fly over tibet and we can smash the dalai clique .
"cnn kidnappings , rape , slavery and murder shadow the lives of children in strife torn countries , according to a united nations children s fund report ."
"it is everyone s duty to ensure children are safe from harm , and governments have a responsibility to enact and enforce measures that provide a protective environment for all children , the agency said in a statement released friday ."
"more than children have been abducted in haiti since the beginning of the year , adding to a growing trend of kidnappings in countries affected by violence , the agency reports ."
"in countries like the central african republic , democratic republic of the congo and iraq where armed conflicts , food shortages and poverty devastate peace , children have become the primary targets for armed groups who see them as commodities , the agency said ."
"mexico city , mexico cnn police involved in a raid that sparked a fatal stampede at a nightclub in northern mexico city on friday have been suspended , and an investigation into the incident is under way , officials said saturday ."
"among the dead were a year old girl , a year old girl , a year old boy and three year old boys ."
"california firefighters sunday were battling hundreds of wildfires , including one in napa county that led to evacuations of about homes , the state s fire department said ."
"at least fires started after about , lightning strikes since friday evening , said mike jarvis , spokesman for the department of forestry and fire protection ."
"it was just pretty crazy , he told cnn sunday morning ."
the blazes were part of the fall out from triple digit temperatures .
diyala military operations command .
"the attack happened near the main government complex in baquba , on a street that was sealed off by security officials last week ."
"more than female suicide bombers have carried out attacks in iraq this year , a number much higher than in previous years ."
"jeddah , saudi arabia cnn saudi king abdullah confirmed sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from million barrels to . million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices ."
"the saudi petroleum minister , ali i . al naimi , said the country will reach the . million level by july ."
the annoucement comes after saudi officials have announced modest increases .
it would be saudi arabia s highest production rate since .
"white house deputy press secretary tony fratto praised the step , saying , any increase in production in today s oil market is welcome ."
it is important that we also take steps to increase domestic production and our refining capacity .
"manila , philippines cnn filipino coast guard rescuers knocked on the overturned hull of a capsized ferry sunday evening , hoping to hear any sign of life among the missing passengers , a red cross official told cnn ."
"no sounds were returned , and the coast guard wrapped up their rescue mission for the night ."
heavy seas prevented divers from getting underneath the capsized vessel .
"it s a race against time , said philippines sen . richard gordon , head of the philippines red cross ."
"washington cnn days after both men reversed course on major issues , the presidential campaigns of sen . barack obama and sen . john mccain spent much of sunday s talk show circuit working to ensure accusations of flip flopping don t stick ."
"both sides tried to go on offense , with the obama camp accusing mccain of yet another flip flop , and mccain s camp saying obama has broken his word . in the race , similar accusations helped president bush defeat sen . john kerry ."
"last week , obama , the presumptive democratic nominee , reversed himself by announcing he would give up public financing for the general election and rely on private contributions , while mccain , his expected republican rival , said came out in favor of lifting a federal ban on offshore oil drilling he once supported ."
"from the beach of lake willoughby s southwest cove , the sheer cliffs of mount pisgah tower over the deep , frigid water ."
"across the narrows , mount hor s peak completes the look of a scandinavian fjord ."
"in the summertime , the beach offers a different view"
"southwest cove is one of the most famous nude beaches in the country , but there s a move under way to make people put their suits back on ."
"for decades , people have come to visit the beach , which is listed in nudist guides and on web sites ."
the beach is on public land that isn t visible from the highway .
"the state which has no laws banning public nudity advises visitors with a sign at a trail head leading to the beach that warns be advised , you may encounter nude bathers ."
but some westmore residents want to be able to use the beach without having to worry they or their kids will confront a naked person .
they re pushing the town to pass an anti nudity ordinance .
"for me , it s about common public decency getting families and kids and people and westmore back down to what they all talk about as being the most beautiful place , and they don t go there any more , said tony strange , who lives about a half mile from south cove and helped circulate a petition asking the select board to enact the ordinance ."
regulars say the nude beach is an accepted part of the area that doesn t cause any trouble .
"on a recent hot saturday afternoon , about people were at the beach ."
"other than the absence of swimsuits , there was nothing to distinguish it from a traditional beach"
"people brought beach chairs and coolers , some paddled canoes , others just sunbathed ."
"we try to make it clean , safe and enjoyable for everyone , that includes families with children , that includes anyone from anywhere , and yet we re being accused of dominating the area , said david timson of st . johnsbury , who has been going to southwest cove for years . he is head of a newly formed organization called friends of southwest cove ."
"almost one year after the original apple iphone went on sale , apple ceo steve jobs has announced a g version of the device , finally putting to rest months of rumors and speculation ."
"while some of the rumors panned out the new handset will offer full gps other rumors , like the addition of a gb model , fizzled ."
"but even with the long list of basic features that apple still is denying us hello , multimedia messaging ? , the addition of g support is a big win ."
"if data speeds hold up as jobs demonstrated more on that later , the new iphone really will put the internet in your pocket ."
"for the gb model and for the gb version , a pleasing price for all but the poor souls who shelled out nearly a year ago ."
the new iphone will go on sale july .
"though the iphone g is thinner at the edges than its predecessor , the phone measures a hair thicker . inches versus . inches in the gut ."
the other measurements are the same except that it weighs just the slightest bit less . ounces versus . ounces .
"otherwise , the iphone g shows few cosmetic changes from the front same display size and resolution , and the single home button sits just below the screen ."
"we re very pleased to see that apple has done away with the irritating recessed headphone jack , which now is flush so that you ll be able to use any . mm headphones you like ."
it also offers live tracking so you can monitor your progress as you drive or walk along .
"we re excited to see this feature as well , as it fills in another gaping hole on the original handset ."
but now it appears that apple has solved that problem .
"in just five hours , the new version of the firefox web browser had as many downloads as its predecessor got during its entire first day , the software s developers say ."
firefox reached . million downloads by early evening tuesday to match firefox s first day downloads .
"in the opening hours , firefox s web site was distributing nearly , copies of the free software every minute ."
downloads continued wednesday as firefox supporters sought to set a world record for most software downloads in a hour period .
"the category is new , and guinness world records must certify it , a process that could take a week or longer ."
"the site was slow or unreachable for about two hours starting about p . m . eastern time , minutes before the scheduled release time , according to alertsite , an internet performance monitoring company ."
"firefox comes from mozilla , an open source community in which thousands of people , mostly volunteers , collectively develop free products ."
firefox is the no . web browser behind microsoft corp . s internet explorer .
firefox includes enhancements to help users organize their frequently visited web sites and block access to sites known to distribute viruses and other malicious software .
firefox also offers other design and speed improvements .
it might have been the setting for a jaws movie .
"six snorkelers wading like ducks in a row , cruising just below the surface of the water while watching exotic fish dart beneath them ."
"it was all very peaceful , until the mysterious whale shark appeared out of the deep blue ."
"the whale shark is one of the most perplexing and elusive creatures in the ocean , still largely a mystery even to the marine biologists who have dedicated careers to studying the creatures ."
"but here , in the confines of the georgia aquarium in downtown atlanta , it s impossible not to see the giant whale sharks particularly when you re in the middle of their fish tank ."
it s also somewhat hard to avoid them
"the creatures seemed more intrigued by the visitors , often lumbering toward them like a slow , curious locomotive ."
"the guests were circling the world s largest fish tank through the aquarium s swim with gentle giants program , which plucks six snorkelers and six divers into the . million gallon fish tank each day ."
"the visitors are treated to close up encounters of roving bands of sting rays , sleek hammerhead sharks , enormous grouper and countless other species ."
but the puzzling whale sharks were the real draw and for good reason .
"the aquarium is the only outside asia to house the whale sharks , and the only in the world to offer tourists a chance to dive with the creatures ."
the program s directors pitch it as an innovative and safe way to help visitors better understand animals they d otherwise never see .
"an immersion experience is the ultimate way of connecting people and animals , said bruce carlson , the aquarium s chief science officer ."
it s a real opportunity for us to expand ways for people to get to know the animals here at the aquarium and a once in a lifetime opportunity for our visitors to see animals they ll probably never get a chance to see in the wild .
"washington cnn a cyclone wrecks coastal myanmar , spawning outbreaks of malaria , cholera and dengue fever ."
"flooding inundates iowa , raising an array of public health concerns ."
"as these disasters draw attention to weather hazards , which many fear could be exacerbated by climate change , scientists are working to be able to better predict health dangers as they forecast the weather ."
"everything is connected in our earth system , conrad lautenbacher , head of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration , said at a panel on changing climate changing health patterns ."
"the key is bringing all types of data together health , weather , human behavior , disasters and others . it s science without borders , lautenbacher said ."
"he said countries and more than international organizations are participating in the global earth observation system of systems , and more are expected to join ."
"it s a full court press to observe what s going on on the earth , he said . when it comes to health and disasters , we can t afford to be wrong a lot of the time . we have got to get ahead of it ."
"dr . georges benjamin , executive director of the american public health association , noted that we have these very modern technologies that are very good at sensing atmosphere and earth surfaces , and you can put them in computers and model some of these weather events . . . and we re pretty good at it right now ."
"take a disease like cholera , lautenbacher said ."
research has shown that outbreaks in india vary with the temperature of the bay of bengal .
satellites can measure that temperature .
"in addition , climate researchers are doing forecasts of the pacific ocean phenomenon known as el ni ntilde"
"o , which affects temperatures in the bay , so that might also be used to forecast cholera ."
the problem was discovered late tuesday after the spacecraft dug a trench inside a polygon shaped surface feature that was likely caused by seasonal expansion and shrinking of ice .
scientists said the lost data wasn t crucial .
"it s unfortunate to lose any bit of science , said mission scientist ray arvidson of washington university in st . louis . but it s not really critical stuff that you kick yourself over ."
"engineers noticed phoenix s strange behavior when it sent a piece of engineering data , times like a broken record ."
"normally , the lander would store the day s work in its flash memory , but the repeated data caused it to power down for the night without saving everything ."
"we re rather annoyed , said project manager barry goldstein of nasa s jet propulsion laboratory , which manages the million mission ."
"engineers overcame the bug , but its cause remained unknown ."
wednesday s digging was delayed to not stress phoenix s memory .
badminton matches look so real playing on hyundai s new d tv that you may reflexively dodge the virtual shuttlecock .
hyundai is offering in japan only the first product for watching the d programs that cable stations in japan now broadcast about four times a day .
"and the only programs available so far include just a few minutes of video from japan s northern island of hokkaido shots from the zoo , motorcycle races and other short scenes ."
"seen on regular tvs , d programs split the screen vertically so the same image appears in both the left and right halves ."
"conversely , wearing the d glasses while watching regular programming on the hyundai d tv produces a slight d effect ."
"the tv uses stereoscopic technology called tridef from ddd group plc in santa monica , california , which works by sending the same image separately for the left eye and the right eye ."
"ryo saito of bs , the cable channel that runs the d shows , says more content is needed for the technology to catch on , and other manufacturers need to start making d televisions ."
"people are showing interest in d programs , but most homes don t have the special tvs , he said ."
"samsung already sells d rear projection tvs in the u . s . , but there are no d tv broadcasts in the united states ."
the technology is also available on desktop monitors and for video games .
"jackson , mississippi cnn jamie lynn spears gave birth to a girl thursday morning at a south mississippi hospital , according to a person close to the spears family ."
the person confirmed the baby s birth but asked not to be identified because the family had not announced the baby s birth .
"the year old was the star of nickelodeon s zoey , a sitcom about prep school friends , and is the younger sister of pop star britney spears ."
the spears family announced in december that jamie lynn was pregnant .
"the father is casey aldridge , a pipe layer from liberty , mississippi ."
the couple is not married but announced an engagement several months ago .
"the younger spears lives near liberty with aldridge , , and has been seen around the small south mississippi town often as her pregnancy became more apparent ."
"her family owns a home across the state line in kentwood , louisiana ."
magazine and was expected to receive a large payday for exclusive pictures of the newborn .
"baltimore , maryland cnn for one night , at least , tattoos and the living canvases that carry them took their place alongside rembrandt , matisse and picasso ."
"the baltimore museum of art celebrated the art of tattooing recently with a panel discussion among prominent tattoo artists , a runway show displaying the strongest output from local shops and high minded discussions of the importance of body art among african tribes and japanese laborers ."
"there has never been this many tattooed people in one room in a museum that haven t been asked to leave , said bob baxter , editor of skin ink magazine ."
"potbellied men wore shorts or underwear to show off their elaborately inked arms , legs and backs ."
"observers at the may event marveled at the images of joseph , mary and the baby jesus , adapted from stained glass windows , that adorned the calves of lucas walther , or the feline species that peered through jungle foliage on the arms of jan bishop ."
"cnn prince harry paraded alongside his fellow british servicemen in scotland wednesday , as he attended a memorial to service members who have died in afghanistan ."
"harry , , serves in the british army and spent weeks in afghanistan earlier this year ."
he was withdrawn unexpectedly in march after news leaked out about his low key deployment .
"the prince appeared in uniform alongside around other sailors , soldiers , marines and airmen at the parade , which took place on edinburgh s famous royal mile ."
they made their way to st . giles cathedral for a private memorial and thanksgiving service for the fallen service members .
"also attending the service was british defense secretary des browne , families of the fallen troops , and recovering wounded military personnel ."
"the parade and memorial service took place on the same day britain s ministry of defense announced the deaths of four british soldiers in afghanistan , and two days after browne announced britain will increase its presence in afghanistan from , troops to , by next spring ."
"prince harry is the younger son of prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and the late princess diana , who died in a paris car crash in ."
"beijing , china cnn what s in a name ?"
local dishes like husband and wife s lung slice or chicken without sexual life conjure lots of furrowed eyebrows on famished foreigners .
"so , with the olympics a few short weeks away , china is giving its cuisine a linguistic makeover ."
"it is proposing that restaurants change the names of exotic , but bizarrely named , delicacies to make them more delectable for the estimated , visitors arriving in august for the summer games ."
the appetizer husband and wife s lung slice is taking on the more appetizing beef and ox tripe in chili sauce .
chicken without sexual life has been transformed into steamed pullet .
"the government has put down more than , proposed names in a page book that it has offered to beijing hotels , according to state media ."
"thanks to the pamphlet , we do not have to struggle to come up with the english translations of dishes any more , which is usually time consuming , a senior manager at the four star guangzhou hotel in downtown beijing told the xinhua news agency ."
but westerners are more accustomed to names that describe the ingredients and how they are cooked such as pot roast .
"zam zam displacement camp , sudan cnn sudan s darfur crisis has exploded on many fronts violence , hunger , displacement and looting but united nations peacekeepers say the biggest issue now affecting the region is the systematic rape of women and children ."
"thousands of women as young as caught in the middle of the struggle between rebel forces and government backed militias have become victims of rape , they say , with some aid groups claiming that it is being used as a weapon of ethnic cleansing ."
"the rapes , and crimes against women and children , said michael fryer , police commissioner of unamid , the united nations peacekeeping force deployed to try to tackle the violence ."
"relief workers say they are powerless to stop the attacks and say that if they do speak out , they fear that the sudanese government will tell them to leave the country ."
some relief workers say that almost every woman living in aid camps has been raped or become a victim of gender based violence .
"many teenagers , while out running errands such as collecting firewood , are raped multiple times by militiamen , the workers say ."
they say the situation has now become so bad that many women are now resigned to rape as a way of life and men are unwilling to accompany them because they fear that they will be killed if they try to defend them .
"sderot , israel cnn israeli children thursday morning toted colorful backpacks to school in this town on the gaza border , on the first day of a truce that israel hopes will end the barrage of rockets that have pummeled sderot in recent months ."
"meanwhile , in gaza , people gathered around fruit stands , men sat in chairs chatting on the streets , and black clad hamas forces patrolled some neighborhoods as the cease fire took effect at a . m . p . m . wednesday et ."
but one gaza resident voiced skepticism that the egyptian brokered agreement between israel and gaza s hamas leadership will last .
"we are not optimistic because the israeli side always violates any calm , he said . as palestinians , people and factions , we all support this calm . we just want to live in peace ."
"brussels , belgium cnn members of the european union decided thursday to lift sanctions on cuba , a spokeswoman for eu secretary general javier solana told cnn ."
"christina gallach said the decision , made over dinner during the first day of a planned two day summit here , will be formally confirmed on monday during an eu council meeting ."
"the diplomatic sanctions , which limited visits to the communist island by senior eu personnel , were imposed in after concerns were raised about human rights in cuba ."
they had been suspended in .
plans call for the human rights situation to be reviewed next year .
"washington cnn a drunken passenger who tried to light the curtains of a boeing on fire during a transatlantic flight is in custody in vienna , austria , the transportation security administration said thursday ."
"zoltan lensky , , a slovakian citizen , was on delta flight from atlanta , georgia , to vienna wednesday night when flight attendants refused his request for more liquor ."
"according to tsa spokesman christopher white , lensky slapped a flight attendant on the hand , moved forward in the cabin , pulled out a lighter and tried to ignite the curtains around the flight attendants rest area ."
lensky was handed over to authorities in vienna when the flight landed .
"what was believed to be the sixth human foot to wash up on the shores of british columbia in recent months was a fake , authorities said thursday ."
the british columbia coroners service confirmed that the remains found in a shoe on wednesday were a skeletonised animal paw that was put in the shoe with a sock and packed with dried seaweed .
"it is the position of bccs that this type of hoax is reprehensible and very disrespectful to the families of missing persons , said a written statement from the group ."
it fuels inappropriate speculation and creates undue anxiety for families and communities while wasting valuable investigative time and resources that could be spent on the main investigations .
authorities are investigating multiple possibilities on the origin of the five feet that have washed up in the past months from foul play to the possibility they belonged to victims of a plane crash .
"cnn saudi arabia is increasing its oil output by , barrels per day , and the kingdom will convene an international meeting of oil producing and consuming nations to deal with the problem of rising oil prices , according to a statement on the country s british embassy web site ."
the united nations had said earlier that secretary general ban ki moon had been told of both moves over the past weekend .
"the meeting will be held sunday in jeddah , with as many as countries , four international organizations and oil companies agreeing to attend , according to the statement , posted thursday ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn nepalese authorities thursday arrested at least tibetan exiles protesting against china s policies in the province ahead of this weekend s olympic torch relay in tibet , security officials in kathmandu said ."
it is the largest single day arrest of tibetan protesters in nepal since the demonstrations broke out in march following china s bloody crackdown on protesters in tibet .
nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital city .
"they have been arrested for damaging the diplomatic relations between nepal and china , said civilian security officer jaya mukunda khanal ."
"the attack occurred at the bonga oil facility , which is miles"
"offshore and produces around , barrels of crude oil a day ."
"for the emancipation of the niger delta , or mend , said it conducted the attack , which resulted in the seizure of an american oil worker ."
"african nation of nigeria , the fourth largest supplier of oil to the united"
such incidents reverberate across the u . s . economy because the attacks are one of the reasons for the record high gas prices in the united states .
"washington cnn calling the public campaign financing system broken , barack obama said thursday that he had become the first candidate since its inception to decline federal matching funds for the general election"
a widely expected move that allows him to avoid strict spending limits and take advantage of an unprecedented grass roots fund raising haul .
"it s not an easy decision , and especially because i support a robust system of public financing of elections , in a video announcement e mailed to supporters thursday ."
"obama has vastly outraised mccain , who now faces a huge cash disadvantage ."
"a day after northwest airlines announced it was scaling back domestic flights , delta air lines did the same wednesday announcing a percent cut for the second half of ."
the decrease comes after delta announced plans in march for a percent reduction in capacity .
but the atlanta based company said it had to increased its cuts further because of the rising costs of fuel .
delta estimates that fuel could cost billion more in than in .
"the airline has implemented fare increases , a hedging program that allows the company to get contracts on oil prices below the market rate , and offered early retirement incentives to employees to help cover the higher than expected fuel cost , according to a delta spokesperson ."
high fuel prices have caused cutbacks throughout the airline industry .
"this year , united , continental and us airways also have announced plans to ground flights because of costs ."
"on tuesday , northwest airlines announced it was cutting back on domestic capacity . percent in the fourth quarter due to oil prices ."
"kingston , iowa cnn luck ran out for about a dozen pigs who escaped their flooded farm , swam through raging floodwaters and scrambled atop a sandbag levee in southeastern iowa ."
"des moines county sheriff s officials shot the pigs tuesday , not long after they reached the levee several miles from the nearest hog farm ."
officials said they killed the pigs over worries that they would weaken the levee .
"basically you cannot have something with a hoof walk on plastic and not poke a hole in the plastic and let water into it , said leroy lippert , chairman of the county emergency management commission . hogs , they have a tendency to root and that would not have been good either ."
"he said the state veterinarian and other agencies were consulted , and that to animals were killed ."
"seoul , south korea cnn south korean president lee myung bak plans to deliver his second apology in a month thursday over his handling of plans to resume u . s . beef imports , state media reported ."
his administration has been embroiled in controversy since reaching an agreement with washington in april to allow american beef back into the country after a five year ban imposed amid concerns of mad cow disease .
"lee will speak to the nation on national television at p . m . a . m . et to explain south korea s efforts to revise the beef import deal , presidential aides told the yonhap news agency"
"tiger woods will miss the rest of the season because of surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left knee , an injury that has troubled him for last months despite winning nine of tournaments ."
"woods also said he suffered a double stress fracture of his left tibia while preparing to return to the pga tour last month , which forced him to miss the memorial and was the source of his pain at torrey pines where he won the u . s . open ."
"he had arthroscopic surgery april to clean out cartilage in his left knee , bypassing acl surgery with hopes it could get him through the season ."
but going holes for his th career major made it impossible to play any longer .
"now , it is clear that the right thing to do is to listen to my doctors , follow through with this surgery and focus my attention on rehabilitating my knee , woods said ."
"woods was last seen in public late monday afternoon walking with a pronounced limp across torrey pines toward the parking lot , the u . s . open trophy in his arms ."
"although i will miss the rest of the season , i m thrilled with the fact that last week was such a special tournament , woods said ."
"sen . barack obama is leading sen . john mccain in the crucial swing states of ohio , pennsylvania and florida , according to a new survey ."
obama lost the democratic primary in pennsylvania by percentage points .
"but a quinnipiac university poll released wednesday shows him leading mccain by points , to percent ."
"in ohio , a state obama lost to sen . hillary clinton by points in march , he s leading mccain to percent ."
"and in florida , where he did not campaign this primary season and lost an unsanctioned democratic contest , he leads mccain to percent ."
"the ohio and florida results are reversals from quinnipiac polls published a month ago , when clinton was still in the race and mccain led obama in hypothetical match ups ."
"in the waning days of her campaign , clinton argued to voters and superdelegates that she should be the nominee because she was the stronger candidate to beat mccain in these swing states during the general election ."
"florida clinched the presidency for george w . bush in , and ohio did the same in ."
the polls had margins of error of plus or minus . percentage points for pennsylvania and . percentage points for ohio and florida .
"zurich , switzerland cnn swiss television has made an embarrassing mistake in broadcasting a euro soccer match ."
"national broadcaster srg turned back time on monday when it offered subtitles accompanying germany s national anthem that mistakenly included the deutschland , deutschland ueber alles lyrics , a first verse ignored since the fall of the third reich ."
"the faux pas occurred during the channel s live coverage of austria vs . germany at the european championship , with the mass circulation daily blick showing a picture of fans singing the anthem ."
"speaking at the heritage foundation , a conservative washington think tank , rice said that north korea will soon give its declaration of nuclear programs to china ."
"china is the host of the six party talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program , along with russia , south korea , japan and the u . s ."
rice spoke in advance of her upcoming trip to asia where she will be attending a meeting of g foreign ministers and meeting with her asian counterparts .
"rice said once north korea submits its declaration , president bush will notify congress he intends to remove north korea from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism and scrap some sanctions levied against north korea because of nuclear concerns ."
"washington cnn medical examinations of former terrorist suspects detained by the united states at the abu ghraib prison in iraq and in guantanamo bay , cuba , and afghanistan revealed evidence of torture , according to a report released wednesday by a human rights group ."
the massachusetts based group physicians for human rights reached that conclusion after carrying out two day clinical evaluations of former detainees who were never charged with crimes .
"the doctors group said in a page report that it uncovered medical evidence of torture , including beatings , electric shock , sleep deprivation , sexual humiliation , sodomy and scores of other abuses ."
"cnn a former university of south florida student who made a videotape showing how to make and use a remote controlled bomb pleaded guilty in federal court wednesday to providing material support to terrorists , authorities said ."
"ahmed abdellatif sherif mohamed , , could be sent to prison for years when he is sentenced , according to federal prosecutors ."
a sentencing date was not set .
"under the plea agreement , in return for mohamed s guilty plea , six other charges against him were dropped ."
"jerusalem cnn palestinian militants and the israeli military traded violent attacks wednesday , a day before a truce was scheduled to take effect , according to the israeli military and hamas ."
"palestinian militants fired more than two dozen rockets and mortars on southern israel , but there were no casualties , the israeli military said ."
"israeli aircraft responded by targeting two rocket launching sites in northern gaza , according to the israel defense forces ."
"one of the airstrikes killed an islamic jihad militant and injured four others , hamas sources in gaza said ."
"cnn a severed foot the sixth in months washed up on the shore of a canadian island on wednesday , police said ."
"the right foot was found by a woman walking on the beach , said sgt . mike tresoor of the royal canadian mounted police in the town of campbell river on vancouver island , british columbia ."
"a local citizen walking on a beach in tyee spit located what appears to be human remains of a right foot in an approximate size black adidas running shoe , police said in a written statement ."
"the foot will be examined by a forensic pathologist , and dna testing will be requested , said the statement posted on the royal canadian mounted police web site ."
"the number of cases of sickness caused by tomatoes has risen in recent days , with a total of people having been infected since april with a rare form of salmonella in states and the district of columbia , federal health officials said wednesday ."
"at least of the victims , who range in age from less than year to years , have been hospitalized , an official with the centers for disease control and prevention told reporters on a conference call ."
"no deaths have officially been blamed on the outbreak , but the infection may have contributed to the death in texas of a man in his s who also had cancer , the cdc said ."
"the increase reported wednesday resulted not from a large number of new cases but from improved surveillance by state health departments in response to the outbreak and from the fact that laboratories completed analyzing previously submitted samples , said dr . david acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the food and drug administration ."
"london , england cnn britain s home secretary said wednesday she was extremely disappointed at a court s decision to release on bail a radical muslim cleric known as osama bin laden s spiritual ambassador to europe ."
"a three judge appeals panel released jordanian national abu qatada on tuesday on strict bail conditions , including a hour curfew ."
the judges said there was no reason to continue holding him but that he presented a continuing and significant threat .
"the government s priority is to protect public safety and national security and we will take all steps necessary to do so , home secretary jacqui smith said in a statement ."
"bush also renewed his demand that congress allow drilling in alaska s arctic national wildlife refuge , or anwr , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the green river basin of colorado , utah and wyoming ."
"bush said that the basin potentially contains more than three times as much recoverable oil as saudi arabia s proven reserves , and that the high price of oil makes it profitable to extract it ."
"in the short run , the american economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , said bush , adding there is no more pressing issue than gas prices for many americans ."
"cnn with the general election campaign now in full bloom , michelle obama wife of presumptive democratic nominee sen . barack obama is honing her message for the fall , aides say ."
we have an opportunity for her to kind of step back and think about the message she wants to deliver . so she s really working on it as we speak .
aides said michelle obama s new speeches will include more details about her family and humble upbringing on chicago s southside .
cnn some fans of the band chicago thought this day would never come .
many have waited years for it .
"an album the band recorded in finally goes on sale tuesday , long after a squabble between the group and its former record company shelved the project ."
"i am waaaaay excited about this , said a fan nicknamed sprout ."
"i ve been hearing about these songs for years , and now i ll actually get to hear them for myself ! yea ! ! ! ! ! !"
"i am really glad to see rhino finally releasing a forgotten masterpiece , another fan said ."
"the album , stone of sisyphus , takes its name from a character in greek mythology who rolls a heavy stone up a hill only to have it roll back down again and again for eternity ."
new york cnn johnson johnson and the american red cross have resolved a lawsuit over the use of their shared red and white symbol .
the deal was announced tuesday .
"it comes after a federal judge tossed out most of health products maker johnson johnson s lawsuit , upholding the red cross right to use the emblem ."
the judge said the group also had leeway to use the logo to promote itself and raise money for its charitable works .
"johnson johnson had claimed the red cross illegally licensed its emblem to other companies , plunging the two organizations into a legal dispute ."
the companies say in a joint statement that it is more productive to accept the judge s rulings and set aside the remaining disagreements .
"los angeles , california cnn is the white stuff in the martian soil ice or salt ?"
that s the question bedeviling scientists in the three weeks since the phoenix lander began digging into mars north pole region to study whether the arctic could be habitable .
"shallow trenches excavated by the lander s backhoe like robotic arm have turned up specks and at times even stripes of mysterious white material mixed in with the clumpy , reddish dirt ."
phoenix merged two previously dug trenches over the weekend into a single pit measuring a little over a foot long and inches deep .
the new trench was excavated at the edge of a polygon shaped pattern in the ground that may have been formed by the seasonal melting of underground ice .
"new photos showed the exposed bright substance present only in the top part of the trench , suggesting it s not uniform throughout the excavation site ."
phoenix will take images of the trench dubbed dodo goldilocks over the next few days to record any changes .
"if it s ice , scientists expect it to sublimate or go from solid to gas , bypassing the liquid stage when exposed to the sun because of the planet s frigid temperatures and low atmospheric pressure ."
"even if it s not ice , the discovery of salt would also be significant because it s normally formed when water evaporates in the soil ."
"kashgar , china cnn hundreds of security personnel lined the streets to head off any disruption , as the olympic torch relay resumed wednesday in western china s restive muslim region of xinjiang ."
"foreign journalists were not allowed along the route , where cheering bystanders shouted go china ! under sunny skies ."
"also wednesday , olympic torch relay organizers said the flame will make a one day stop in tibet s capital of lhasa on saturday ."
that leg has been shrouded in secrecy because of political sensitivities surrounding tibet .
the route has been criticized by tibet activist groups who see it as an attempt by beijing to symbolize its control over the himalayan region .
"havana , cuba cnn former cuban president fidel castro appeared tuesday in a video broadcast on cuban television , the first scenes of the ailing revolutionary leader released since january ."
"in a scene broadcast on a state run cuban television news program , the year old castro spoke animatedly with his younger brother , raul , who succeeded him as president in february and venezuelan president hugo chavez ."
it was not possible to hear what they were discussing .
"during part of the video , the elder castro is standing ."
"fidel castro , who led the island s communist revolution , has not been seen in public since intestinal surgery in july ."
"he temporarily transferred power to raul at that time , and permanently relinquished cuba s presidency to him in february ."
"president cristina fernandez on tuesday defended an increase in export taxes on grains that has riled many farmers , and she called on them to respect the law in protesting her policies ."
but we were always respectful of the popular will .
"fernandez , of the center left peronist movement , made her plea for comity a day after massive demonstrations in various cities blocked traffic and paralyzed much of the country ."
"in a concession to her critics , she said the tax increase she imposed in march will be debated by congress"
"but since her party controls both houses , there is little likelihood of major changes ."
"former vice president al gore endorsed democratic presidential candidate barack obama on monday , urging americans to reject what he called the bush administration s legacy of incompetence , negligence and failure ."
"americans simply cannot afford to continue the policies of the last eight years for another four , gore , the party s presidential nominee , told obama supporters at a rally in detroit , michigan ."
"perceived as a senior statesman in the democratic party , gore brings a certain force to obama s campaign , political analysts have said ."
monday marked gore s debut in the election
he had not weighed in while obama was still battling sen . hillary clinton .
"amid thousands of cheering supporters , gore began by addressing head on the criticism that obama doesn t have enough experience to lead the nation ."
the former vice president turned nobel prize winner playfully said he recalled one republican nominee wondering out loud whether his democratic rival for president was naive and inexperienced .
"and yet another said the united states cannot afford to risk the future of the free world with inexperience and immaturity in the white house , said gore . who were they talking about ?"
"every single one of those quotes came from the campaign of , when the the republicans attacked john fitzgerald kennedy for allegedly lacking the age and experience necessary to be president ."
"joining obama in the midst of the candidate s two week swing through the nation to talk about his plans to revitalize the economy , gore praised obama as someone who could mobilize people , young and old , who had never before taken part in politics ."
"gore went on to praise the nominee s vision on the environment , domestic and international issues ."
"cnn dozens of flights were delayed at india s new delhi airport monday after lizards , birds and jackals strayed on to a runway to seek refuge from the monsoon rains ."
animal rescuers rounded up the critters and moved them to habitats outside airport property .
"but the operation delayed several flights and shut down the runway for some time , airport spokesman arun arora said ."
kartick satyanarayan of the conservation group wildlife sos said the animals descended on the runway in search of dry ground .
his group works with the airport to move wildlife from airport property to a sanctuary on the outskirts of the capital .
"it s been raining cats and dogs the last two days . and when it rains like this , water goes in and fills the burrows of these animals , he said ."
"the runway , he added , is the only safe area . so they come out ."
"west hollywood , california cnn star trek star george takai is ready to live long and prosper with his partner of years ."
takai will marry year old brad altman on september in los angeles .
"the year old actor , known for his role as sulu on the star trek sci fi tv series , was the first to pay for a marriage license in west hollywood early tuesday ."
the marriage license is good for days .
"takai was jubilant , saying it s going to be the only day like this in our lives and it is the only day like this in the history of america ."
he told reporters and a swelling crowd outside the west hollywood city auditorium may equality live long and prosper .
the california supreme court has legalized same sex marriage .
"beijing , china cnn the death toll rose to people in the flooding in southern china , according to the china news agency . the flooding that started last weekend , adds to the misery of a country still counting its losses after last month s devastating earthquake ."
"the floods displaced . million people , according to the news agency ."
"the deaths were in provinces in the area and flooding has caused the homeless to flee for shelter as they braced for more downpours , the agency"
"the hardest hit provinces were guangxi , guangdong , hunan and jiangxi ."
"floods have destroyed at least , houses and ruined crops on . million acres . hectares , the china news agency said ."
"cnn a severed human foot was found washed up on the shore of an island on the western coast of canada this week , reportedly the fifth detached foot found in the area in the past months , according to police and local media reports ."
"the foot was found monday on the shore of westham island south of vancouver , according to a police press release ."
the severed left foot was taken to the coroner .
"the coroner was establish ing identity and liaising with outside agencies to determine if this is linked to the other partial remains recovered in the recent past , police in the british columbian district of delta said ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn nato has warned residents of villages seized by the taliban in southern afghanistan to take cover before an operation is launched to recapture the lost ground ."
"nato aircraft dropped hundreds of leaflets monday night on several villages in southern afghanistan that have been seized by the taliban , warning residents to leave ahead of an allied operation against the rebels , officials said ."
"the militants , in apparent preparation for an impending military operation , planted mines and destroyed bridges and forced villagers to stay and fight alongside them , a tribal elder said ."
the planned nato operation would target villages in the arghandab district of kandahar province .
it is the same province where taliban militants escaped from prison in a daring and well executed jailbreak friday .
"general zahir azimi , a defense ministry spokesman , said thousands of afghan troops with reinforcement from the capital city of kabul"
"the deployment , he said , would be completed by wednesday ."
"france will soon rejoin nato s military command more than years after it left , french president nicolas sarkozy said"
france was a founding member of the alliance in but it left the military structure in amid frictions with the united states .
"continued , however , to contribute troops to nato missions and to participate in nato s political bodies ."
"presidency of the european union next month , sarkozy will try to boost the eu defense dimension ."
"gaza city , gaza cnn a truce between israel and gaza s hamas leaders will take effect thursday morning and last for six months , hamas officials said tuesday ."
"israeli officials , however , stopped short of confirming that a cease fire agreement has been reached ."
"hamas senior official mahmoud zahar and hamas negotiator khalil al hayya held a news conference in gaza to publicly announce the egyptian brokered cease fire agreement , which they said will begin at a . m . thursday p . m . wednesday et ."
"on sunday , israel will gradually start to open its border crossing terminals , the hamas officials said ."
cnn sen . john mccain on tuesday will propose lifting the ban on offshore drilling as part of his plan to reduce dependence on foreign oil and help combat rising gas prices .
"the stakes are high for our citizens and for our economy , and with gasoline running at more than four bucks a gallon , many do not have the luxury of waiting on the far off plans of futurists and politicians , mccain will say tuesday in houston , texas , according to excerpts of his speech released by his campaign ."
we have proven oil reserves of at least billion barrels in the united states . but a broad federal moratorium stands in the way of energy exploration and production . and i believe it is time for the federal government to lift these restrictions and to put our own reserves to use .
mccain s plan would let individual states decide whether to explore drilling possibilities .
"london cnn prince william was made a royal knight of the garter on monday at a ceremony presided over by his grandmother the british monarch and attended by his father , brother and girlfriend ."
"queen elizabeth ii made william the , th knight to join the order and formally presented him with the regalia , including a blue garter , sash and star brooch ."
"after the ceremony at windsor castle , the knights wore their traditional ostrich feather hats and velvet robes as they walked to st . george s chapel in the castle grounds for a service ."
"william s girlfriend kate middleton , dressed in a black suit and hat , watched the procession with his brother prince harry ."
the monarch can give the honor to anyone she chooses without advice from government ministers .
"it is meant to honor those who have held public office , who have contributed to national life or who have served the queen personally ."
"william , , is second in line to the throne after his father , prince charles ."
"two former prime ministers , margaret thatcher and john major , are members of the order ."
"oil prices briefly spiked more than per barrel to a trading record monday , but crude tumbled throughout the afternoon as traders took profits after prices couldn t get over the a barrel hump ."
"light , sweet crude for july delivery edged cents lower to settle at . ."
"that s a sharp drop from the session high of . , set just before a . m . et ."
"oil initially surged as the dollar weakened after the empire state manufacturing survey , which monitors manufacturing capacity in new york state , indicated deteriorating business conditions in june ."
"the dollar took a pounding in early morning trading , leading to a steep rise in oil prices , said stephen schork , editor of the energy industry newsletter the schork report ."
"but after several attempts to pass stalled throughout the morning , oil quickly tumbled in the afternoon hours ."
"everyone who tried buying in the morning decided it wasn t going higher , so they sold off , added schork . they were gunning for , and then the bulls and bears slugged it out ."
"schork still thinks the bulls will win the fight , and oil could top a barrel by next monday ."
"the market hasn t moved much higher since it rose nearly june th and th , but there hasn t been a corrective sell off either ."
former world no . carlos moya of spain and argentine pair juan ignacio chela and juan monaco are among the first players to withdraw from wimbledon due to injuries .
"moya , the french open champion , has never advanced beyond the fourth round at wimbledon but has only contested the grass court championship twice in the previous six years ."
"of his career titles , are on clay and four on hard courts ."
argentines martin vassallo arguello and brian dabul and croatia s roko karanusic come into the main draw as replacements .
japan s akiko morigami has withdrawn from the women s singles with an injured knee .
czech player renato voracova has replaced her in the draw .
"a bomb exploded outside a shiite mosque in northwest pakistan on monday , killing at least four people and wounding five others , police said ."
"the bomb exploded near the outer wall of the mosque in downtown dera ismail khan as worshippers were leaving after evening prayers , said abdul ghafoor , a local police officer . the blast shattered the mosque s front wall and damaged its dome ."
police cordoned off the area as people sifted debris looking for survivors .
an associated press reporter saw a crater near the shattered wall where the bomb went off .
"ghafoor said four people had died in the bombing and five were wounded , three seriously ."
pakistan is struggling to combat a tide of islamic militancy particularly in its volatile northwest .
it has a history of violence between the majority sunni and minority shiite muslims .
"last month , gunmen opened fire on a car killing four shiite muslims in dera ismail khan ."
"hours later , a sunni was shot dead elsewhere in the city ."
"brussels , belgium cnn annual inflation in the euro zone rose to a new high of . percent in may , according to data released monday that reflects surging food , fuel and housing prices across the nation currency bloc ."
"the main drivers of inflation were food prices that jumped . percent over the year , transport costs that rose . percent and housing , which rose . percent , eurostat said ."
"rising inflation increases the pressure on the european central bank to raise interests at its next meeting , despite the risk of slowing growth amid a global financial crisis , a possible u . s . recession and soaring energy costs ."
"london , england cnn amy winehouse fainted monday at her north london home and was hospitalized , her spokesman said ."
"winehouse lost consciousness but an assistant caught her before she hit the ground , spokesman chris goodman said ."
"she quickly recovered and her father , mitch , took her to hospital as a precaution , goodman said in a statement ."
winehouse had spent the afternoon signing autographs for canadian fans who were standing outside her house . she collapsed after they left .
public broadcaster nhk reports that year old tsutomu miyazaki was hanged early tuesday .
"in , tokyo district court found miyazaki guilty of killing four girls aged from years to in and and sentenced him to death ."
"tokyo high court upheld the sentence in , and the supreme court followed suit on january this year ."
the murders and miyazaki s arrest dominated headlines in the country and prompted calls for tighter restrictions on the content of violent adult videos .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan reacted sternly monday to comments by afghan president hamid karzai , who said afghan troops have the right to enter pakistan to confront islamic militants ."
a pakistani foreign office spokesman said pakistan will defend its territorial sovereignty and that he hoped karzai s comments were not the re initiation of the blame game by afghanistan .
"seoul , south korea cnn president lee myung bak plans to shake up his cabinet this week after massive protests , triggered by a deal his government reached to resume u . s . beef imports , the state news agency reported monday ."
"the president plans to replace the prime minister and several ministers involved in the controversial beef deal , including those who deal with agriculture , health , foreign and economic policies , according to a report by yonhap , the south korean news agency ."
"the president plans to name a secretary in charge of public information , the report said ."
"in april , south korea agreed to resume importing u . s . beef five years after halting them amid concern about a case of mad cow disease in the united states ."
"hundreds of thousands protested , and the president s cabinet offered to resign last week ."
"beijing , china cnn floods in southern china have killed people and forced more than a million people from their homes , state media reported monday ."
"the floods have affected million people and caused economic losses of . billion . billion yuan , according to reports in state run media ."
"flooding also has displaced about . million people , including in the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , the reports said ."
"authorities said that torrential rains are expected to pound the region for another days raising water levels further , according to the news agency xinhua ."
"the flood has hit nine provinces the hardest including sichuan , which is still reeling from a . magnitude earthquake that struck southwestern china on may ."
"floods have destroyed , houses , damaged , more and ruined crops on , acres , state media said ."
"humanitarian agencies trying to bring aid to myanmar are being hampered by weather difficulties of the monsoon season , a unicef spokesman said monday ."
michael bociurkiw told cnn his organization is happy it has finally been granted access by myanmar s government to use helicopters to deliver aid to those hit by last month s cyclone . but making deliveries means battling strong winds and rain .
it is very very difficult to deliver aid even in very large helicopters . but we are getting out there and putting up with the elements .
"bociurkiw said his organization , along with others , has been able to reach people who live in the southern irrawaddy delta region , but the need for aid is still intense ."
"des moines , iowa cnn orangutans and bonobos in one of north america s leading ape research centers are spending time high in their habitats to escape iowa floodwaters , officials said monday ."
water on the grounds of the great ape trust of iowa in des moines has been as high as feet after flooding began last week .
"research , including the future and origins of culture , language , tool use and language in ape species , was brought to a standstill , officials said ."
"cedear rapids , iowa cnn a man who was refused entry into a flood stricken area struck a state trooper repeatedly with his vehicle and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon , cedar rapids police said monday ."
"the trooper was not injured , police said ."
"cnn a cluster of nine cases of sickness linked to tomatoes from a single source is being investigated for clues to the cause of a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than people in states , health officials said monday ."
"the report is our most fruitful lead to date on the traceback , said dr . david acheson , assistant commissioner for food protection at the food and drug administration ."
"all nine patients appeared to have consumed the same type of tomatoes , he said ."
"since mid april , at least people have been hospitalized with salmonella saintpaul , an uncommon form of the bacteria ."
"no deaths have been officially been blamed on the outbreak , but the infection may have contributed to the death of a man in texas in his s , who also had cancer , the centers for disease control and prevention said ."
"martinez , california cnn as the contra costa county clerk in northern california , stephen weir has signed off on hundreds of marriages and officiated over several ceremonies ."
weir and his partner john hemm plan to be the first in their county to marry under a california supreme court ruling that allows same sex marriages .
the ruling takes effect monday at p . m . p . m . et .
"the european union has agreed to freeze the overseas assets of iran s bank melli , a spokesman for britain s foreign office said monday ."
patti solis doyle had faced criticism from clinton loyalists over her handling of the campaign s finances and strategy .
"she exited the top spot shortly after the new york senator s disappointing showing in the february super tuesday contests , and according to sources close to clinton , the two have not spoken since ."
another major figure from a former rival s campaign will also take on a key role
"stephanie cutter , who served as john kerry s spokeswoman during his presidential run , will serve as senior advisor to the campaign and michelle obama s chief of staff ."
"jim messina will become chief of staff for obama s campaign , leaving the same position in the office of sen . max baucus ."
"halle , germany cnn world no . roger federer extended his unbeaten run on grass to matches after beating germany s philipp kohlschreiber in the final of the gerry weber open in halle ."
"federer , who sailed through the wimbledon warm up tournament without dropping his serve , extended his record unbeaten run on grass to matches to equal pete sampras record of titles on the surface ."
"i m really excited , i think that is the first time in my career i have won a title without losing serve , said federer . that was very special and i m very proud to keep my streak going ."
"in fact , federer also won a tournament in doha in without being broken ."
"riyadh , saudi arabia cnn saudi arabia plans to increase its oil production by , barrels a day next month , the kingdom s oil minister told u . n . chief ban ki moon on sunday , according to ban s spokesman ."
the u . n . secretary general met with oil minister ali al naimi in the port city of jiddah during a one day trip to the world s largest oil producer .
"farhan haq , a spokesman who is traveling with ban , said in an e mail that the u . n . chief said al naimi told him saudi arabia would increase oil production by , barrels a day from june to july ."
"in may , the kingdom increased its production by , ."
"by july , production should be at . million barrels a day , haq said ."
"ban also said saudi arabia understands that the current price of oil , which topped per barrel earlier this month , is not normal , according to the official saudi press agency ."
"the king believes that the current oil prices are abnormally high , and he is ready to restore prices to their appropriate levels , spa quoted ban as telling reporters in jiddah ."
"cnn tim russert , who became one of america s leading political journalists as the host of nbc s meet the press , died friday , the network said ."
"he was taken to washington s sibley memorial hospital , where he died , the hospital confirmed ."
colleague and former nbc anchor tom brokaw broke the news on the network friday shortly after p . m .
"russert had just returned from a family vacation in italy with his wife , journalist maureen orth , and son , luke , to celebrate his graduation from boston college , brokaw said ."
buffalo mayor byron w . brown ordered that all flags on city property be lowered immediately to half staff in russert s honor .
"during his year run as the host of meet the press , the longest of any host in the show s year history , russert earned the respect and admiration of many journalists and politicians ."
his professionalism earned him many accolades .
"the washingtonian magazine once dubbed russert the best and most influential journalist in washington , describing meet the press as the most interesting and important hour on television ."
"in , time magazine named him one of the most influential people in the world ."
"london , england cnn the bishop of london said sunday he would order an investigation into a wedding like church service for two male priests ."
"the priests exchanged rings and vows in a service at one of london s oldest churches marked by a fanfare of trumpets and capped by a shower of confetti on may , britain s sunday telegraph reported ."
rev . richard chartres said in a statement that such services were not authorized in the church of england and said he would ask the archdeacon of london to investigate .
"while civil partnerships between homosexual couples are officially recognized in britain , the church of england s guidelines ask clergy not to bless such partnerships ."
"the wedding ceremony is likely to anger conservative members of the anglican communion , a loose knit worldwide christian grouping which includes the u . s . episcopal church ."
"conservatives are fiercely opposed to both same sex partnerships and the ordaining of gay priests , and the issue threatens to tear the anglicans apart ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn he s pregnant ."
"after setting the mood with lighting and finessing , the georgia aquarium s attempts to coax rare sea dragons to mate have finally worked just in time for father s day ."
the pregnant male weedy sea dragon is now only the third of its kind in the united states to successfully become pregnant outside of its natural habitat .
"the sea dragon , found in nature only in the waters off southern australia , became pregnant tuesday when a female transferred her eggs onto his tail ."
"dennis christen , assistant manager of animal care and husbandry , said that male sea horses , sea dragons and pipe fish all carry the eggs instead of the female ."
christen said that recently the staff took steps to try to assist in mating .
"they altered the mood by adjusting the lighting and thinning the plants , christen said ."
"but so much is unknown about the creatures , including their mating routines , that a lot about the pregnancy remains a mystery , christen said ."
"when the animals finally do mate , the sea dragons arch their tails and swim side by side until they latch onto each other before swimming vertically together during their version of a date ."
"of the small pink eggs wrapped around the male s tail , nobody knows how many are viable and could actually hatch ."
"christen said that they are relying on other experiences with breeding , where about percent of the eggs survived , to estimate how things may go ."
the eggs are expected to hatch in four to six weeks .
new york cnn a street sweeping truck roaring down a bronx street sucked up a dog and killed her as her owner held the leash .
robert machin said he had just finished walking his two boston terriers and was about to put them into his car when the truck appeared thursday morning .
"the retired transit worker said he was suddenly whipped around and saw one of the dogs , ginger , being swallowed by the sweeper s round bristles ."
"machin said he yelled at the driver to stop , but the truck kept going ."
he and friends chased the truck for blocks before catching up with it .
ginger s slight body was later pulled from the sweeper .
the city department of sanitation called the death a rare and unfortunate accident .
"a heartbroken machin questioned whether the driver was observing proper procedures , saying the truck seemed to barreling through the street at an unsafe speed ."
"the heartbroken machin , , choked up as he described losing ginger ."
"london , england cnn britain s princess eugenie has been reprimanded by her school after being caught frolicking naked on college grounds , it was reported saturday ."
"the year old daughter of prince andrew , duke of york , and sarah ferguson , was apprehended for her involvement in end of term high jinks at the exclusive marlborough college , west of london , the uk press association said ."
"a royal source told the press association , it was nothing more than high jinks at the end of term in may . a group of them were reprimanded and that s the end of the matter ."
the tabloid sun newspaper reported that a college staff member woke to playful shrieks and found several young women dancing around without clothes .
it said there was no suggestion boys were present or that drugs were involved but claimed a pupil said the students had been drinking .
"princess eugenie , the sixth in line to the british throne , is studying art , history of art and english at the , a year college , pa said ."
it said the princess was expected to be among guests celebrating the official birthday of queen elizabeth ii on saturday .
"kathmandu , nepal cnn"
"the national flag is fluttering in the hands of the people in the royal palace now , said prime minister girija prasad koirala at a ceremony at the former palace sunday ."
he will live as a civilian in a summer palace on a forested hilltop outside the capital .
gyanendra s departure came following the declaration of the former himalayan kingdom as a republic last month .
"stranded in flooded homes in cedar rapids , a local humane society spokeswoman said sunday ."
"the flooding has affected too many pets to count , susan manson of the cedar valley humane society told cnn ."
cedar rapids .
"london , england cnn another set of secret documents regarding government policies against terrorism were found on a british train , the independent on sunday reported ."
it s the second set of confidential papers from the british government to be left on a train in less than a week .
the documents were turned in to the london based newspaper .
the papers also describe methods to fund terrorists and address the potential fraud of commercial web sites and international internet payment systems .
"a spokeswoman from uk s treasury branch , which handled inquiries into the incident , said the department is extremely concerned about what has happened and we will be taking steps to ensure that it doesn t happen in the future ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn afghan president hamid karzai warned sunday that his troops have the right to cross the border into pakistan to go after islamic militants who have been launching attacks inside his country ."
it exactly gives us the right to go back and do the same .
each is battling a common foe
the militants are accused of launching deadly attacks targeting troops and civilians in both countries .
"until now , karzai has pleaded with pakistan and international forces to take on the militants ."
he said the cross border attacks have destroyed homes and schools .
and we will avenge all that they have done in afghanistan for the past so many years .
"tokyo , japan cnn rescue workers dug out three bodies from under mud and rock sunday , bringing the death toll from japan s . magnitude earthquake to nine ."
"police also raised the number of missing to , after family members of six people said they have not been back home since the quake friday morning ."
"another were injured , police said sunday ."
"several landslides covered roads , some highways buckled , a few bridges collapsed and bullet trains stopped after the quake ."
"but two nuclear power plants in the region were not affected , officials said ."
"two of the bodies discovered sunday were pulled from the rubble of a landslide at a spa in miyagi . another man was found inside a car that had been buried under mud , the national police said ."
"the quake , which hit at a . m . p . m . et friday , was centered km miles north of sendai , japan , in southern iwate prefecture , the japanese meteorological agency said . several strong aftershocks followed ."
"beijing , china cnn flooding has killed people and forced more than a million to flee their homes across a stretch of southwestern china , including the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , state media reported sunday ."
"authorities said that torrential rains are expected to pound the region for another days raising water levels further , according to the news agency xinhua ."
"the flood has hit nine provinces the hardest including sichuan , which is still reeling from a . magnitude earthquake that struck southwestern china on may ."
"by saturday afternoon , the official death toll from the quake had risen to , , xinhua said . another , people were injured and , are still missing ."
"chicago , illinois cnn barack obama celebrated father s day by calling on black fathers , who he said are missing from too many lives and too many homes , to become active in raising their children ."
"they have abandoned their responsibilities , acting like boys instead of men . and the foundations of our families are weaker because of it , the democratic presidential candidate said sunday at a largely black church in his hometown ."
"reminding the congregation of his firsthand experience growing up without a father , obama said he was lucky to have loving grandparents who helped his mother ."
"i resolved many years ago that it was my obligation to break the cycle that if i could be anything in life , i would be a good father to my girls , added obama , whose daughters , sasha and malia , and his wife , michelle , watched from the audience ."
"obama s appearance at the apostolic church of god was his first address to a church since he ended his membership at trinity united church of christ , where he had worshipped for years , following inflammatory remarks there by his former longtime pastor and others ."
"begin your day the french way , with a caf eacute"
"au lait and a piece of satisfyingly crusty baguette we like to head to montmartre to the coquelicot boulangerie on rue des abbesses , complete with coffee served in a bowl and homemade jams then brace yourself for a foray into the back streets ."
"avoid anything too close to the big tourist attractions if the menu comes in four different languages and the clientele are all studying their guidebooks , you re better off skipping lunch !"
"if you ve got a serious day of sight seeing ahead , pack a picnic from the sumptuous foodhall at galeries layfayette boulevard haussmann or visit la grande epicerie at the left bank s grand dame department store , au bon marche rue de sevres ."
"if you d rather lunch with the literati , les editeurs carrefour de l odeon should fit the bill ."
sink into a red leather banquette and see if you can spot the publishing sensations of tomorrow while surrounded by books and the people who wrote or edited them .
"another good bet if you ve been gazing at the eiffel tower is the unassuming le comptoir de eme avenue de la motte picquet , , for well presented bistro favourites at reasonable prices ."
"the best ice creams in paris the best in the world ? come from berthillon rue saint louis en l ile , ile st louis ."
prepare to queue but know that it s worth the wait !
"her employer , air india , says she is too fat to fly ."
for the national airline for years .
"until two years ago , air india allowed an attendant s weight to vary within . lbs kg of a specified limit ."
"when they don t , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds ."
"the airline says that someone who is sheila s age , height and weight should weigh lbs kg ."
"it s very demoralizing , joshi told cnn . and it s quite humiliating ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn during the first seven years of their relationship , judy kelly doesn t remember her boyfriend , bill horrisberger , ever going to a doctor ."
"on a scale of one to , bill was a zero , kelly remarked when asked about her partner s willingness to get an annual checkup ."
"it turns out horrisberger , , a retired english teacher from atlanta , georgia , isn t the only man who is reluctant to put on a hospital gown ."
the agency for healthcare research and quality estimates that american men are percent less likely than women to visit a doctor .
"a lot of times , it s very difficult for them to be convinced that they need to see a physician for a problem , said dr . allen dollar , a cardiologist with emory school of medicine in atlanta . to a large extent , there is a lot of denial going on , and in some cases , that denial can be deadly ."
"dr . david dodson , an expert on men s health at the marino center in wellesley , massachusetts , recommends that healthy men under get a regular checkup every months . after , he suggests , men should see their doctors annually ."
"as men age , dodson said , they are more likely to develop high cholesterol and high blood pressure ."
"those conditions can increase the risk of heart disease , stroke and diabetes ."
"the older you get , the more important those exams are , dodson said ."
"around age , he wants men to be screened for colon and prostate cancer , in addition to regular blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar tests ."
"at least half his male patients end up making an appointment only after they ve been prodded by a wife or other loved one , the doctor added ."
"london , england cnn jyoti is the hindi word for light ."
it s something pranav mehta has never had to live without .
and he is lucky .
"near where he lives in gujarat , one of the most prosperous states in india , thousands of rural villages lack electricity or struggle with an intermittent supply at best ."
"much of that electricity will come from coal fired power plants , like the billion so called ultra mega complex scheduled to be built south of tunda wand , a tiny village near the gulf of kutch , an inlet of the arabian sea on india s west coast ."
dozens of other such projects are already or soon will be under way .
"yet mehta has another solution for india s chronic electricity shortage , one that does not involve power plants on the ground but instead massive sun gathering satellites in geosynchronous orbits , miles in the sky ."
"the satellites would electromagnetically beam gigawatts of solar energy back to ground based receivers , where it would then be converted to electricity and transferred to power grids ."
cnn croatia sent out a message of intent to the other euro finalists as they stunned highly fancied germany in klagenfurt to secure a place in the quarterfinals .
"darijo srna and ivica olic struck the goals as croatia , who had only ever beaten germany once before , produced arguably the first major upset of the tournament ."
"lukas podolski pulled a goal back late on for germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail biting finale , but there was to be no way back for joachim loew s team , who finished with men following the th minute dismissal of substitute bastian schweinsteiger ."
"both sides came into the game having won their opening matches , although germany had looked far more impressive in seeing off poland than croatia had in defeating austria ."
"however , it was slaven bilic s side who turned on the style at the worthersee stadion as they took control of group b with two wins out of two ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn microsoft corp . and harrah s entertainment inc . introduced a high tech interactive bar table wednesday that lets patrons order drinks , watch youtube videos , play touch screen games and even flirt with each other ."
"the tables offer harrah s a new way to track its customers habits and behaviors , adding to its sophisticated costumer rewards program that tracks users gambling habits ."
"of all the goodies up our sleeves lately , this is one of the most dramatic , tim stanley , chief information officer of harrah s , told the associated press ."
"the six rectangular tables with built in inch flat screens using microsoft surface technology were installed in a lounge at the rio all suite hotel casino in las vegas , with custom applications built for harrah s ."
"a spokeswoman for microsoft said the units sold for a base price of , ."
cnn an ohio distributor is recalling about million chinese made tire valve stems after concluding some of them were improperly made and could increase the risk of vehicle accidents .
"tech international , the part s johnstown , ohio based distributor , estimates that just , of roughly million of those valves are defective ."
"the valve is a replacement , snap in tire valve model no . tr manufactured between july and november ."
"los angeles , california cnn agent still has all of his digits ."
daniel craig was sent to the hospital after suffering a minor hand injury while filming the latest james bond movie quantum of solace at pinewood studios near london .
it s not the first accident that s occurred during filming for quantum of solace .
stuntmen were injured while filming an action sequence on famously winding lakeside roads in northern italy in april .
"s atilde o paulo , brazil cnn three heavily armed robbers stole two pablo picasso prints from an art museum in downtown s atilde"
"o paulo on thursday , the city s second high profile art theft in less than a year ."
"the bandits also took two oil paintings by well known brazilian artists emiliano di cavalcanti and lasar segall , said carla regina , a spokeswoman for the pinacoteca do estado museum ."
"the picasso prints stolen were the painter and the model from and minotaur , drinker and women from , according to a statement from the s atilde o paulo secretary of state for culture , which oversees the museum ."
"the prints and paintings have a combined value of million brazilian reals , , the statement said ."
"at noon , three armed men overpowered museum guards and grabbed the works , located on the second floor , the statement added ."
"the museum was open to the public when the theft occurred , but it wasn t immediately clear whether anyone was visiting at the time ."
"citing higher fuel prices , united airlines said thursday it will begin charging domestic passengers each way for one checked bag ."
"the carrier , based in chicago , illinois , said the fee to check a second bag will be each way ."
"the fee to check three or more bags , overweight bags or items that require special handling will increase from to or from to , depending on the item , united said in a statement ."
"the charge will apply to customers who purchase a ticket on or after june , , for travel within the united states and to or from canada , puerto rico and the u . s . virgin islands on or after august , ."
"cnn oil giant exxonmobil plans to sell off its company owned gas stations , saying they aren t profitable enough even with gasoline selling at per gallon ."
"the nation s largest oil company , which earned nearly billion last year , says it will sell more than , stations over the next few years ."
the company says the stations to be sold will continue to sell exxonmobil product .
"washington cnn the day after jim johnson resigned from sen . barack obama s vice presidential candidate vetting committee , sen . john mccain set his sights on eric holder , one of the two remaining members of the committee ."
"i think people in the media and observers will make a decision as to whether these people , individuals , should be part of sen . obama s campaign , mccain said in boston , massachusetts , on thursday ."
i think it is a matter of record that mr . holder recommended the pardoning of mr . marc rich .
rich was a commodities trader who fled to europe in after tax evasion charges and allegations of illegal oil dealings with iran .
"he was pardoned by former president clinton at the end of his second term , while holder was deputy attorney general ."
"in a response thursday , obama campaign spokesman hari sevugan said mccain was raising old allegations rather than talking about the issues ."
"it s telling that john mccain whose vice presidential search process is headed by a prominent d . c . lobbyist who served as the reagan administration s point man on the iran contra scandal would try to recycle a tired attack on mr . holder , she said ."
"washington cnn a u . s . marine videotaped throwing a puppy over a cliff while on patrol in iraq has been kicked out of the corps , and a second marine involved has been disciplined , according to a statement released by the marines ."
"lance cpl . david motari , a marine based in hawaii with the st battalion , rd marine regiment , is being processed for separation , and also received non judicial punishment , officials said in the statement wednesday night ."
the marine corps would not specify what that punishment was because of privacy regulations .
the statement said motari received the punishment for his role in the episode which generated international attention .
"cnn the number of illnesses attributed to salmonella tainted tomatoes jumped to , the centers for disease control and prevention reported thursday ."
"florida , georgia , missouri , new york , tennessee and vermont ."
"infections have now been found in states since mid april , the cdc said . additionally , the agency said that a man in his s who died of cancer had a salmonella saintpaul infection , but his death has not been attributed to the outbreak ."
voters in ireland are going to the polls thursday to vote on a proposed treaty that is meant to streamline the enlarged european union .
"all european union member nations must approve the treaty for it to take effect , and ireland is the only country to put the treaty to a popular vote"
opinion polls in ireland have shown the vote is too close to call .
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraq s prime minister sat down with jordanian leaders on thursday , the first day of his two day trip to the neighboring sunni arab nation , which buys oil from iraq and hosts hundreds of thousands of iraqi refugees ."
"along with the oil and refugee issues , improved diplomatic relations and security matters are among the topics on the agenda as nuri al maliki meets with king abdullah ii and jordanian prime minister nader al thahabi ."
"al maliki expressed his appreciation of the king s positions in support of iraq , its people and the elected government , and his aspiration to establish the best relations in the economic and trade fields in what will serve the best interests of the two fraternal nations and peoples , al maliki s office said ."
"tokyo , japan cnn authorities have raided two companies south tokyo for possibly exporting sensitive technology that ended up in a north korean nuclear facility , police said thursday ."
"the raids took place last week at tokyo sinku , a vacuum pump manufacturer , and nakano corporation , an export agent , on suspicion they illegally exported vacuum pumps to north korea via taiwan , shinya yamada , an investigating officer at kanagawa prefecture police , told cnn ."
"the vacuum pump was for a research and development project in taiwan and is not covered under japan s foreign exchange law , according to a nakano corporation official ."
the law limits the export of technology considered to be sensitive .
"the pumps can be used to remove nuclear isotopes from uranium , which can be used to make nuclear weapons ."
"beijing , china cnn chinese and taiwanese officials agreed thursday to set up permanent offices in each other s territories , in the first formal talks between the two sides in almost a decade ."
"the decision , reported by the territories official news agencies , came during a meeting between the straits exchange foundation and the association for relations across the taiwan straits . both bodies are semi official organizations that negotiate on behalf of their respective governments ."
the two sides are also expected to discuss the possibility of establishing chartered flights across the mile taiwan strait on the weekends and approval for chinese residents to travel to taiwan .
woods restricted himself to just nine holes again in practice on tuesday and has not even walked a full holes since the final round of the masters at augusta .
but the world number one shrugged off concerns about his troublesome left knee
"it s a little sore , but not anything i haven t dealt with before , he said ."
i m good to go and i plan on playing competitively .
"writer a . e . hotchner , who partnered with newman to start newman s own salad dressing company in the s , said the year old actor told him about the disease about months ago ."
newman issued a statement late tuesday that said he s doing nicely but didn t specifically address questions about cancer .
the oscar winner appeared to have lost weight when he was photographed at a practice for the indianapolis auto race last month .
newman won an oscar for his leading role in s the color of money .
"his screen credits also include hud , cool hand luke , the verdict and road to perdition ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn bands of starving monkeys have destroyed crops around indonesia s famous borobudur buddhist temple in search of food their habitat can no longer supply ."
dedi rinyadi works for the natural resources conservation agency . rinyadi says thousands of the long tailed macaques went searching for sustenance wednesday in several villages of central java province .
"rinyadi says the primate population has exploded due to dwindling predators , but drought has led to food shortages ."
the monkeys have stolen crops and destroyed about hectares acres of farmland including around the th century buddhist temple complex outside the sultanate of yogyakarta .
distressed farmers are using firecrackers and air riffles to chase them from their villages .
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s opposition controlled upper house of parliament approved a no confidence motion wednesday against prime minister yasuo fakuda ."
it was the first time a chamber of parliament has passed such a censure in the country s post war history . the motion is non binding and largely symbolic .
"then , fukuda would have had to dissolve the lower house and call snap elections ."
the prime minister does not face such a threat .
and they countered wednesday s motion by saying they will introduce a confidence motion as early as thursday .
nepal s former king said on wednesday he is not going to leave his country even though the monarchy has been abolished .
ex king gyanendra made remarks to reporters before departing the narayanhiti royal palace in kathmandu .
i will stay in the country to help establish peace .
"seoul , south korea cnn the south korean trade minister plans to meet with his u . s . counterpart this week and may announce more negotiations of a deal that has imperiled the south korean government , state media reported thursday ."
"the two sides probably will pursue more negotiations on a deal that would resume beef exports from the united states to south korea , according to the report from the yonhap news agency ."
south korea banned beef imports from the united states in amid concerns about mad cow disease .
"hundreds of thousands of protesters have filled the streets of seoul in recent weeks to protest the deal in demonstrations that rapidly evolved into anti government protests , the news agency said ."
britain s house of commons on wednesday narrowly approved a counterterrorism bill that allows authorities to hold terrorism suspects without charge for up to six weeks .
"the vote followed concerns by civil liberties groups and others , who called the measure unjust and unnecessary ."
the bill would raise the current limit of days to .
"cnn about people were injured wednesday when a tornado struck a boy scout camp in western iowa , authorities said ."
"there were scouts at the camp , cnn has learned ."
a monona county dispatcher said no deaths had been confirmed at the little sioux scout ranch near the nebraska state line .
"those injured are being transported to the nearest hospital , which is at least miles away from the camp ."
"mike krysl , a spokesman for mercy medical center in sioux city , iowa , said the staff is in full scale disaster alert . he told the omaha world herald that the facility was expecting to receive two male juvenile patients earlier wednesday ."
the national weather service received a p . m . report of a touchdown at the site .
"cnn google co founder sergey brin has paid million to secure a seat on a russian soyuz spacecraft , officials said wednesday ."
"in a statement , brin credits space adventures with helping open the space frontier to private citizens ."
"space adventures will also host the first private space flight to the international space station in , said spokeswoman stacey tearne ."
"two seats will be available on that trip , part of a deal with the trip ."
the mission is part of a deal with the russian federal space agency fsa .
cnn canadian prime minister stephen harper on wednesday offered an apology on behalf of the government for a policy begun in the late s that took indian children from their families and placed them in schools intended to assimilate them .
the treatment of children in indian residential schools is a sad chapter in our history .
"harper said children were forcibly taken from their families , isolated from their culture and traditions and , in many cases , were abused and neglected while in the schools ."
"london , england cnn scotland yard and downing street both said wednesday they have launched investigations into how top secret british intelligence documents on al qaeda and iraq came to be left on a commuter train by a senior civil servant in the uk s cabinet office ."
"a member of staff took the papers out of the office when they should not have and left them on a train , cabinet office spokesman james o sullivan told cnn ."
"a key member of barack obama s vice presidential search team , james johnson , is stepping down after criticism over a mortgage he received , the obama campaign said wednesday ."
"jim did not want to distract in any way from the very important task of gathering information about my vice presidential nominee , so he has made a decision to step aside that i accept , the presumptive democratic presidential nominee said in a statement ."
obama has criticized countrywide in connection with the subprime mortgage crisis .
cnn rebecca safran has fooled mother nature .
the evolutionary biologist from the university of colorado figured out a way to give male barn swallows a makeover that makes less popular males much more desirable to females .
"and now , she and her colleagues have discovered that those artificial makeovers are having an unexpected effect ."
"about eight years ago , safran expected to find that the length of a male barn swallow s tail feathers determined his level of success attracting mates and breeding ."
"instead , she noticed something she didn t expect female barn swallows tended to choose mates with the darkest breast feathers ."
"those males bred a lot earlier , attracted the best mates and sired the greatest number of offspring , which safran says is the currency of evolution ."
"in the latest edition of the journal current biology , safran and her colleagues report that they ve followed up on the males with the magic marker makeovers and have found something surprising ."
"monterrey , mexico cnn manuel uribe , who once weighed a half ton but has slimmed down to about pounds , celebrates his rd birthday wednesday with a simple wish for the coming year to be able to stand on his own two feet to get married ."
"at his home in northern mexico , where he can still do little more than sit up on a bed , uribe said that more than two years of steady dieting have helped him drop about pounds from his guinness record weight of , pounds ."
he hopes guinness representatives will confirm in july that he holds a second title the world s greatest loser of weight .
"but uribe is still unable to walk with his fianc eacute e , claudia solis , down the aisle ."
"it frustrates me a little , because it is not easy to get out , said uribe , who has not been able to leave bed for the past six years ."
but uribe vowed not to be deterred
"we are in love , and this year my birthday wish is to be able to stand when we get married , he said ."
"sydney , australia cnn an australian judge has aborted a drug trial after discovering that some of the jurors were playing the puzzle game sudoku while evidence was being given ."
sydney district court judge peter zahra ended the trial tuesday for two men facing drugs conspiracy charges .
"the trial had been running for days and had cost taxpayers an estimated us , ."
"the judge was alerted after it was observed the jurors were writing vertically , rather than horizontally ."
the jury foreperson admitted to the judge that four to five jurors were playing puzzle games for up to half the time the trial had been going .
a new trial is expected to begin in a few weeks .
los angeles cnn the man whose investigation of then president clinton provided reams of tabloid fodder is now working to help crack down on photographers working for the very publications his efforts once filled .
the independent counsel whose open ended investigation of a clinton land deal veered into an intimately detailed report on the president s affair with intern monica lewinsky is helping california lawmakers craft laws to crack down on celebrity hunting packs of paparazzi .
"malibu mayor pamela conley ulich first contacted starr , now a law school dean at pepperdine university in malibu ."
local governments in los angeles and west hollywood are also part of the effort to curb what they call a dangerous and expensive problem .
"just imagine you re a motorist driving down the street and britney spears parks next to you all of a sudden you re swarmed by these people , said los angeles city councilman dennis zine ."
"an word prequel to the blockbuster harry potter novel series fetched about nearly , tuesday for a writer s group and dyslexia charity ."
"the auction had started at , pounds and was driven up by two bidders"
"one who was present and the eventual winner , who funneled his bids into the auctioneer s earpiece ."
"the prequel is hand written and signed by the author , according to waterstone s , a large bookstore in central london that that hosted the event ."
"cnn at least people were killed tuesday when a sudan airways plane caught fire after landing in khartoum , sudan , according to officials and sudanese television reports ."
"sudanese television reported more than people were on the plane . several injured people were taken to a hospital , the network said , but the number of injured was not immediately known ."
"the plane was arriving from amman , jordan , airport security officials said , and was landing in bad weather when it overshot the runway , crashed and caught fire ."
"many people are believed dead , an official said ."
"however , it was not clear whether the plane actually crashed ."
"the chief of the khartoum airport told al jazeera arabic network the plane landed safely , but an explosion occurred in one of its engines before it came to a stop , about minutes after the plane had landed ."
"london , england cnn benazir bhutto s widower , who now heads her political party , is protecting pakistani president pervez musharraf , despite accusing him for having an indirect role in her assassination last year , a pakistani politician said in a recent interview ."
"sadly , he s not protecting him for some national interest but for his own corruption cases , imran khan , head of pakistan s movement for justice party , told cnn s becky anderson in an interview in london on monday ."
"khan said asif ali zardari is shielding musharraf by not pushing to reinstate the country s sacked judges , including chief justice iftikhar chaudhry ."
"parliament s newly elected ruling coalition , headed by zardari s pakistan people s party , had promised to restore the judges within days of parliament s first session in march ."
"hong kong cnn a stuntman was killed and six others injured in a fire while shooting an action scene in director john woo s chinese historical epic red cliff , the film s crew and chinese media said tuesday ."
"the accident occurred monday morning while filming an action sequence in beijing , the crew said in a statement ."
"a small boat was set ablaze and collided with a larger boat as the filmmakers had intended , but the fire quickly raged out of control and engulfed both ships ."
"the person killed was a year old stuntman , the beijing news reported , citing a local fire commander ."
"woo , told of the news while promoting his film in hong kong , rushed back to beijing , the crew said ."
"they are making every effort to make arrangements for the deceased , his family and the injured crew members , the statement said ."
"it was the latest setback to woo s massive production , which marks his return to chinese language film after a stint in hollywood ."
"red cliff , about a well known battle in feudal era china , has suffered casting changes and set problems since it started filming in april last year ."
"actors chow yun fat and former cannes best actor winner tony leung chiu wai earlier pulled out , although leung later returned to the cast ."
the budget for red cliff was more than million huge by chinese standards .
"the chinese government views the movie , which is partly backed by state run china film group , as an important showcase of chinese history and wants it released before the beijing olympics . the olympics start on august ."
initial exams of some of dolphins found dead in southwest england monday brought researchers no closer to knowing what caused what they called the biggest mass stranding of marine animals in britain in almost years .
"the animals appeared to have been well fed and in good physical condition , alan knight of british divers marine life rescue told cnn tuesday ."
"there was nothing to suggest that they d gone ashore because they were feeling ill or because they were not healthy , knight said . nothing on the first seven post mortems gave us any idea what would have made them strand ."
post mortems on another dolphins were scheduled for tuesday .
"kerstin fritzl , , was hospitalized in april , emerging for the first time from a basement dungeon where she was born and lived with her mother and two brothers ."
"washington cnn the vice presidential search team for sen . barack obama has a list of about people under consideration to be the presumptive democratic nominee s running mate , one democratic senator said tuesday ."
sen . kent conrad of north dakota said many of the names on the list shown to him already have been bandied about in the media but others are outside the box .
"he said the list includes people who are top officials now , others who are former lawmakers and others who are former top military leaders ."
"innsbruck , austria cnn guus hiddink is used to being the underdogs at major tournaments and is trying hard to make sure his russia side are not seen as favorites for their opening european championship match against spain ."
"having watched the czech republic , portugal , croatia and germany win the first four games of the tournament , hiddink , who took south korea to the semifinals of the world cup , is urging his latest side to buck the trend that seems to be developing ."
"favorites have won their first game in the tournament , hiddink said monday ."
so tomorrow in our confrontation with spain and i have said it many times that they are favorite we hope to break the pattern .
victory over the group d favorite at the tivoli neu stadium would not be the first time a team coached by hiddink has caused an upset against spain .
"at the world cup in , his south korea team beat spain on penalties in the quarterfinal on its way to a fourth place finish that shocked football ."
but hiddink said he would draw little from the match six years ago .
"we are on the eve of this tournament . it s different circumstances , different teams , different coaches , everything is different ."
"the year old dutchman usually likes his teams to play attractive , attacking football , but he will likely have to temper that instinct against the potent spanish midfield and attack , especially since russia is missing its two best forwards , the injured pavel pogrebnyak and suspended andrei arshavin ."
"hiddink did not give anything away about his tactics on monday , but his captain sergei semak hinted that russia would try to crowd the midfield to stifle the creativity of stars like fernando torres and david villa , who have scored a combined goals this season ."
"said semak , who is the most experienced player with international appearances ."
"chicago , illinois cnn mcdonald s , wal mart and other u . s . chains have halted sales of some raw tomatoes as federal health officials work to trace the source of a multistate salmonella food poisoning outbreak ."
"burger king , outback steakhouse and taco bell were among other restaurants voluntarily withdrawing tomatoes from their menus , following federal recommendations that consumers avoid red plum , red roma or round red tomatoes unless they were grown in certain states and countries ."
"mcdonald s corp . , the world s largest hamburger chain , stopped serving sliced tomatoes on its sandwiches as a precaution until the source of the bacterial infection is known , according to a statement monday from spokeswoman danya proud ."
"the oak brook , illinois based company will continue serving grape tomatoes in its salads because no problems have been linked to that variety , she said ."
the source of the tomatoes responsible for the illnesses in at least states has not been pinpointed .
"the centers for disease control and prevention has said that since mid april , people infected with salmonella with the same genetic fingerprint have been identified ."
"at least people have been hospitalized , and no deaths have been reported ."
"researchers put the body of the panda , maomao , into a wooden coffin and buried it in a simple funeral ceremony on a hill in the vast wolong panda reserve center , one of china s preeminent giant panda research and breeding facilities ."
"caretakers left two apples and other food that maomao enjoyed at the burial site , an engineer at the panda reserve center told cnn ."
about giant pandas live in the center .
"another wild pandas lived on the wolong reserve before the quake struck , but researchers say it s unclear how many of the wild pandas survived ."
"saqqara , egypt cnn egyptian archaeologists have uncovered the missing pyramid of a pharaoh and a ceremonial procession road where high priests carried mummified remains of sacred bulls , egypt s antiquities chief said thursday ."
"zahi hawass said the pyramid , of which only the base remains , is believed to be that of king menkauhor , an obscure pharaoh who ruled for only eight years more than , years ago ."
"in , german archaeologist karl richard lepsius mentioned menkauhor s pyramid among his finds at saqqara , calling it the headless pyramid because its top was missing , hawass said ."
"but the desert sands covered lepsius discovery , and no archaeologist since was able to find it ."
"of the missing pyramid , hawass said on a tour of the discoveries at saqqara , the necropolis and burial site of the rulers of ancient memphis , the capital of egypt s old kingdom , south of cairo ."
"only the pyramid s base or the superstructure , as archeologists call it was found after a foot high mound of sand was removed over the past year and a half by hawass team ."
a burial chamber also was discovered .
"hawass said the style of the pyramid and of a gray granite sarcophagus lid found in the burial chamber indicates the pyramid was from the fifth dynasty , a period that began in b . c . and ended in b . c ."
"that would put it about two centuries after the completion of the great pyramid of giza , believed to have been finished in b . c ."
archaeologists have not found a cartouche a pharoah s name in hieroglyphs of the pyramid s owner .
"but hawass said that , based on the estimated dating of the pyramid , he was convinced it belonged to menkauhor ."
"seoul , south korea cnn a south korean abducted more than years ago has reportedly escaped from north korea ."
sixty five year old yoon jong soo fled last month and is now under south korean protection at a consulate in northeastern china .
south korean officials say yoon s north korean wife and their daughter have since been arrested .
yoon and others ended up in the north when their fishing boat was seized off south korea s east coast in .
"of those who were seized with yoon , three have returned to south korea in recent years ."
"yoon was among south korean civilian abductees , mostly fishermen , believed still alive in the north ."
"seoul , south korea cnn prime minister han seung soo and the entire south korean cabinet offered to resign tuesday amid an uproar over an unpopular deal to resume importing u . s . beef , the yonhap news agency reported ."
the move follows a similar resignation offer last week by top aides of president lee myung bak .
"the eight staffers said they hold themselves responsible in the collective resignation offer , which was delivered to lee by his chief of staff , according to lee dong kwan , a spokesman for the president s office ."
it was unclear whether lee would accept the offers .
"washington cnn citing tiger population counts that have dwindled to a few thousand , several hollywood stars have come out in support of a preservation campaign announced monday by the world bank ."
"the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , told those gathered at a news conference at the national zoo that the conservation initiative will find out how to work with the local communities , so we can preserve some of the areas in which the tigers live ."
"actor harrison ford , known for his support of environmental causes , said , i m here to celebrate the world bank s plan to form a global alliance of conservation partners , to work with the tiger range nations in order to secure a future for these magnificent creatures ."
"the audience included former actress bo derek , now a special envoy at the state department fighting trafficking in wildlife ."
"she told cnn the world bank s initiative to save the tigers should help counter demand for their body parts , mainly in asia , and loss of habitat caused by the exploitation of natural resources ."
"actor robert duvall , who lives in the virginia countryside about miles from washington , came in to lend his moral support to the world bank s initiative for tigers ."
hundreds of pakistani lawyers and flag waving activists launched a cross country march toward islamabad on monday to demand the restoration of judges sacked last year by president pervez musharraf .
"what is being called the long march is the first organized protest against pakistan s new government , which has yet to deliver its promise to reinstate pakistani chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and about other judges ."
"it s one of its biggest failures , athar minullah , a spokesman for pakistan s deposed chief justice , told cnn ."
pakistan s lawyers movement has been demanding the restoration of the judiciary since musharraf declared emergency rule and removed the judges in november .
a battle royale over an estimated million treasure that a florida deep sea salvage company found last year is due for a fresh round in court in florida on monday
"spain wants the entire treasure returned , but odyssey insists spain may have no right to it ."
"lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments monday morning in a u . s . federal court in tampa , florida , in another round of the case that started last year , odyssey spokeswoman natja igney told cnn ."
"durham , north carolina cnn sen . edward kennedy was released monday from duke university medical center in north carolina after recovering from brain surgery , cnn has learned ."
"kennedy , , will return to his home in hyannisport , massachusetts , after undergoing a hour operation on june to remove the majority of a malignant glioma from his left parietal lobe ."
"in a statement from the massachusetts democrat s office , kennedy was said to be thankful for the care of the doctors and nurses at duke , and also for the continued prayers and well wishes from the people of massachusetts and all over the country ."
he later was scheduled for an operation to remove a malignant tumor at duke university medical center in durham
"cnn saudi arabia has called for a conference of oil producing countries and major consumer nations to address the soaring price of crude worldwide , the kingdom s oil ministry announced monday ."
"details of the conference , including its date and location , are to be announced later , the ministry told cnn ."
the saudis are the world s largest oil exporters and hold the largest estimated reserves .
"they are a leading member of the organization of petroleum exporting countries , the global oil cartel , and the third largest source of u . s . imports ."
"cnn bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than , people in the last days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of december elections ."
human rights group decry the actions as politically motivated .
"the roundups began may , just days after the two main political parties said they would not cooperate with the military backed caretaker government on organizing the elections ."
"police told cnn that by saturday , arrests had been made , while local media reported another , were arrested sunday ."
the awami league and the bangladesh nationalist party bnp have said hundreds of their party members have since been taken into custody .
"beijing , china cnn engineers worked to open additional spillways at an earthquake created dam in southwestern china monday , as water was piling up behind the structure faster than they could drain it , state media reported ."
"increasing the outflow of water is critical for the dam s safety , said zhang ting , head of the sichuan provincial hydro meteorological bureau , the xinhua news agency reported ."
"if the water flows too slowly , the inflow will increase the pressure on the dam ."
cnn rafael nadal became the second man to win four successive french open titles on sunday after crushing world no . roger federer in straight sets in the final in paris .
"the spaniard triumphed to hand federer a third straight defeat in the final at roland garros , with the swiss top seed still seeking to win the only grand slam crown missing from his collection ."
"and the manner of his comprehensive victory left little doubt that federer , who has won other grand slam titles , may struggle for many years to come in his bid to defeat his nemesis ."
"second seed nadal , who did not drop a set all tournament and has never lost at the clay court event , matched the feat of bjorn borg s four successive wins from ."
"he moved to a winning record at the tournament , having won of sets played ."
"nadal broke federer in the opening game of the match , and needed only minutes to wrap up the first set ."
"federer fought back in the second , but still succumbed within minutes , and then saw nadal race through the third set in less than half an hour to clinch a historic victory ."
"federer paid for his errors , having made unforced mistakes to two by nadal by the end of the second set ."
"the group was found at mantaolan , which is on the island of rinca off komodo national park , the head of the rescue team said ."
"the husband of one of the divers said he was told they were in good condition , although dehydrated ."
"searchers using boats located the missing divers at a . m . saturday p . m . et friday , the official said ."
"they arrived at a hospital in labuan bajo , on the western tip of the island of flores , about two hours later , an official said ."
"two from great britain , one from france and one from sweden . among the missing is one of the owners of the dive company , an employee said ."
"lucknow , india cnn he s a revered hindu monkey god ."
"and now , he s the chairman of an indian business school ."
"hanuman , the popular god known for his strength and valor , has been named official chairman of the recently opened sardar bhagat singh college of technology and management in northern india , a school official said saturday ."
"the position comes with an incense filled office , a desk and a laptop computer ."
"four chairs will be placed facing the empty seat reserved for the chairman and all visitors must enter the office barefoot , said vivek kangdi , the school s vice chairman ."
"it is our belief that any job that has the blessings of lord hanuman is bound to be a success , said kangdi ."
"all hindus know that hanuman can lift mountains and leap oceans , but ancient texts make no mention of his business acumen ."
"when we were looking for a chairman for our institution , we scanned many big names in the field of technology and management . ultimately , we settled for lord hanuman , as none was bigger than him , kangdi said ."
hanuman is one of the most popular gods in the crowded pantheon of hindu deities .
"his most famous feat , as described in the hindu epic the ramayana , was leading a monkey army to fight the demon king ravana and rescue a kidnapped princess ."
"the sardar bhagat singh college in lucknow , the capital of uttar pradesh , india s most populous state , awards bachelor s degrees in engineering and management ."
the school opened last year .
"kabul , afghanistan cnn an afghan journalist working for the british broadcasting corporation was found dead sunday , a day after he was abducted in southern afghanistan , network and afghan officials said ."
"gunmen abducted abdul samad rohani in southern helmand province saturday , said ahmad nabi jan , an official with helmand police ."
"his body was found dumped near a cemetery in the provincial capital of lashkar gah on sunday afternoon , nabi jan said ."
rohani was the helmand based reporter for bbc world service s pashto language service .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the killing .
"rohani s courage and dedication have been a key part of the bbc s reporting from afghanistan in recent years , the network said in a statement ."
"cnn severe storms packing heavy rains , high winds and powerful lightning swept across the american midwest to the east coast on sunday , flooding towns from iowa to michigan , threatening levees and leaving at least eight people dead ."
"five of the deaths were in michigan , where several storms plowed from western michigan eastward ."
"two delivery workers for the grand rapids press were killed sunday morning after their car fell into a deep ravine created when a rain swollen creek washed out a road , the newspaper reported on its web site ."
"leftist rebels in colombia should release all hostages in their custody as a first step toward laying down their weapons , president hugo chavez of venezuela said sunday ."
"in pointed remarks , chavez said the rebels should stop fighting and end a war that has riven colombia for more than years , killing tens of thousands ."
"his comments came just months after he urged the international community to recognize the revolutionary armed forces of colombia as a legitimate insurgent force rather than a terrorist organization , as the united states and european union consider it ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn u . s . first lady laura bush arrived in afghanistan sunday for a visit that is expected to last nine hours ."
"the first lady is scheduled to meet with american troops and visit bamiyan province , where two giant statues of buddha carved into sandstone cliffs centuries ago"
were demolished by the ruling taliban regime in march .
it is her third trip to the country .
she last visited afghanistan in march with president bush .
"later in the week , the first lady is scheduled to address a donors conference in paris on thursday ."
"the host country , france , has set a goal of raising between billion and billion to help afghanistan s reconstruction efforts ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn eight former officials from executed iraqi dictator saddam hussein s government will be transferred from u . s . military prisons to iraqi custody in the coming days , iraq s deputy justice minister told cnn on sunday ."
deputy justice minister boshu ibrahim said most of the prisoners were informed of the upcoming transfer by iraq s acting justice minister last week and were very happy to hear they will be in iraqi custody soon .
but an attorney for some of the detainees expressed outrage about putting the mostly sunni muslim ex officials in prisons controlled by the country s shiite dominated government .
"this is not a handover to a government , it s a handover to iranian militias , said badi aref , who represents former regime members . we will hold the u . s . responsible for all that these detainees will go through ."
"the current iraqi government is now dominated by shiite and kurdish politicians and has close ties to iran , which fought a bloody eight year war with iraq under hussein ."
"the survey showed that the average price at gas stations around the nation was just a fraction of a cent under a gallon , said survey publisher trilby lundberg ."
"tried to allay iranian fears over a planned u . s . iraq security pact , saying his government would not allow iraq to become a launching pad for an attack on its neighbor ."
"security of the neighboring countries , including iran , al maliki said , according to a report on iran s state run news agency irna ."
"a man ran over a group of people with his truck and then stabbed , killing at least , in a video game district of downtown tokyo sunday afternoon , authorities ."
"the dead included five men and a woman , according to a tokyo metropolitan police officer . the gender of the seventh person was not immediately known ."
"twelve others were wounded , police said ."
japanese media reported that the suspect told investigators he was years old .
"the attack occurred near a british base in helmand province , in southern afghanistan , about a . m . sunday a . m . et ."
"a fourth soldier wounded in the attack was expected to survive , the ministry reported ."
the troops killed sunday were from the nd battalion of britain s parachute regiment .
"one was dead on arrival at a military hospital , while the other two died of their wounds there ."
"the british contingent in afghanistan is among the most active nato units in battling a resurgent taliban , the islamic movement that ruled most of afghanistan before the attacks on new york and washington by its al qaeda allies ."
"a u . s . led invasion the following october drove the taliban from power , but american and allied troops have been fighting its remnants in the country s mountainous south ever since ."
"athens , greece cnn a strong earthquake jolted western greece on sunday , killing at least two people and triggering landslides that have trapped at least people , according to officials and state run media ."
"another were injured as a result of the . magnitude quake , which struck about p . m . a . m . et ."
"the temblor s epicenter was located about miles km southwest of the greek port city of patras , in the peloponnese region ."
felt the ground shake for as long as seconds .
"earthquakes are common in the peloponnese region , according to greek geodynamic institute director gerasimos papadopoulos ."
"cnn now that she has ended her historic run to become the first madame president , many are speculating about what sen . hillary clinton will do next ."
"on saturday , she held her last rally , telling thousands of supporters she was endorsing her former rival , sen . barack obama , who became the presumptive democratic nominee tuesday ."
"the way to continue our fight now , to accomplish the goals for which we stand , is to take our energy , our passion , our strength , and do all we can to help elect barack obama the next president of the united states , she told the packed crowd at the national building museum in washington ."
campaign trail to stump for obama .
some of her top backers are hoping she will play a larger role in the obama campaign by becoming his running mate .
"clinton told new york lawmakers this week that she d be open to becoming the democrat s vice presidential nominee , some of them said , but obama has said only that clinton would be on anyone s short list ."
democratic analyst jamal simmons says clinton has reason to look beyond a joint ticket .
"hillary clinton may actually think she spent the last year , year and a half getting out from the shadow of bill clinton . she may not want to get underneath the wing of barack obama , said simmons , an obama supporter ."
"apart from the vice presidency , analysts say , there are several roles clinton could potentially fill ."
some new york democrats would love to see a gov . hillary clinton in .
"but the primary fight would put her up against david paterson , new york s first african american governor ."
paterson took over after eliot spitzer stepped down in the wake of his call girl scandal .
clinton could potentially add supreme court justice to her r eacute
"should obama become the president , he could carve out a place for clinton in his cabinet ."
"based on obama s own words , the idea might not be too far fetched ."
some angry voters wonder whether she ought to dump the democrats and run as an independent .
she did rack up more than million votes in the primary .
"many analysts say the best option for clinton is to return to the senate , where she can establish a powerful influential voice like that of sen . edward kennedy ."
"london , england cnn london s royal botanical gardens rbg at kew recently opened a new attraction which gives visitors the chance to walk among the treetops and examine tree canopies from a new perspective ."
"the xstrata treetop walkway , which opened at the end of may is the latest design from london eye architects marks barfield ."
"rising to a height of meters and stretching across meters , visitors can walk between of kew s mature broad leafed trees ."
the walkway can be found in the woodland area which was designed by th century landscape gardener capability brown .
"constructed from steel trusses connected to circular node platforms , the weathered steel chosen for the project already blends beautifully with the natural environment ."
"the architects describe the end result as a surprisingly natural , bark like texture ."
as a trained arborist i have had the privilege of being up in the tree canopy experiencing trees at height and birds and other wildlife from a completely different perspective . it s fantastic that we are able to give visitors the same experience .
"in what has been designated year of the tree at kew , kirkham hopes that giving visitors a new perspective on the trees will help them understand the importance of nurturing them ."
"tokyo , japan cnn police evacuated dozens of residents after poisonous fumes escaped from an apartment where a man killed himself by inhaling a detergent laced gas , authorities said wednesday ."
"the death in the city of kanazawa , northeast of tokyo , is the latest in a spate of suicides where people have mixed detergent and other chemicals and inhaled the resulting toxic hydrogen sulfide gas ."
"according to local media reports , more than people across japan have committed suicide in such a manner since late march an average of more than two a day ."
"the instructions are easily available online , and officials have asked internet service providers to take down the recipe for the deadly mix ."
"in the latest case on wednesday , officers found a man in his s in the bathroom of his apartment surrounded by bottles of detergent and other chemicals , said a kanazawa police officer ."
"the man had posted a note outside his front door that warned residents that gas was being generated inside , the officer said ."
police evacuated residents for two hours .
"one woman , complaining of sickness , was taken to a hospital ."
"even before the spate of recent death , japan had one of the highest rates of suicide in the world ."
a consumer advocacy group called on the food and drug administration tuesday to ban the use of eight artificial colorings in food because they have been linked to hyperactivity and behavior problems in children .
"controlled studies conducted over three decades have shown that children s behavior can be worsened by some artificial dyes , says the center for science in the public interest ."
the group noted the british government is successfully pressuring food manufacturers to switch to safer colorings .
"over the years , the fda has consistently disputed the center s assertion ."
the agency s web site contains a brochure that asks the question
do additives cause childhood hyperactivity ?
"no . although this hypothesis was popularized in the s , well controlled studies conducted since then have produced no evidence that food additives cause hyperactivity or learning disabilities in children , the agency said ."
"julie zawisza , an fda spokeswoman , said tuesday that color additives undergo safety reviews prior to approval for marketing and that samples of each artificial coloring are tested ."
"we didn t find a reason to change our conclusions that the ingredients are safe for the general population , zawisza said . also note that the european food safety agency has a similar view as fda s ."
dyes are used in countless foods and are sometimes used to simulate the color of fruits or vegetables .
"the additives are particularly prevalent in the cereals , candies , sodas , and snack foods pitched to children ."
"hartford , connecticut cnn passing notes in study hall or getting your best friend to ask a boy if he likes you or , you know , likes you , is so last century ."
"nowadays , teenagers are snapping naked pictures of themselves on their cell phones and sending them to their boyfriends and girlfriends ."
"many of these pictures are falling into the wrong hands or worse , everyone s hands , via the internet and leading to criminal charges ."
some parents are aghast .
"i just don t understand why kids would do a stupid thing like that , said rochelle hoins of castle rock , colorado , where students in her twin sons middle school sent around nude pictures of themselves last year ."
"similar cases have been reported in new jersey , new york , alabama , utah , pennsylvania , texas and connecticut ."
"it used to be that kids would make mistakes , and it was local and singular and everyone knew it was part of growing up , said catherine davis , a pta co president in westport , connecticut , who had a frank talk with her two sons after several students nude self portraits recently spread through the wealthy new york city bedroom community ."
"now a stupid adolescent mistake can take on major implications and go on their record for the rest of their lives , she added ."
"school administrators in santa fe , texas , confiscated dozens of cell phones from students in may after nude photos of two junior high girls began circulating ."
"the girls had sent the photos to their boyfriends , who forwarded them to others , officials said ."
"in la crosse , wisconsin , a year old boy recently was charged with child pornography , sexual exploitation of a child and defamation for allegedly posting nude photos of his year old ex girlfriend on his myspace page ."
"the girl had taken the pictures with her cell phone at her mother s home and e mailed them to the boyfriend , authorities said ."
he didn t know it was illegal .
hong kong cnn the backlash in china against sharon stone continued wednesday as the shanghai international film festival said the american actress was not welcome at this year s event .
the year old basic instinct star provoked outrage in china after suggesting that the recent earthquake in central sichuan province may have been the result of bad karma because of beijing s rule in tibet .
french fashion house christian dior dropped stone from its chinese ads after she made the comments in may during a cannes film festival red carpet interview .
"stone , who walked the red carpet in shanghai last year , will not be invited back soon , shanghai international film festival spokeswoman tang bing said wednesday ."
tang said film festival organizers sent stone a letter protesting her remarks and demanding an apology .
"stone has said she was deeply sorry for causing anguish and anger among chinese people , and she offered to take part in quake relief efforts ."
"the hollywood actress impressed festival organizers with her charity work and her appearance last year , and her comments came as a surprise , tang said ."
"she showed her affinity for the chinese people and her affinity for shanghai . she didn t say any bad things , said tang ."
the shanghai festival is scheduled for june .
"rome , italy cnn the vatican announced thursday in a general decree that it will excommunicate anyone who would attempt to ordain a woman as a priest and the woman herself ."
"according to the decree , the excommunications would take place with immediate effect ."
"the decree was signed by cardinal william levada , prefect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith ."
"it was not persuasive to regina nicolosi , a program coordinator for roman catholic womenpriests , who was ordained two years ago ."
"we have come not to take that too seriously , said nicolosi , a year old married mother and grandmother who lives in red wing , minnesota , and said her group is composed of to women priests , none of whom are recognized by the church hierarchy ."
"it s one of the very last patriarchal hierarchies in the western world , and i don t know when they will be ready to let go of that ."
"though she said she wants to reform the church from within , she will continue her work as a volunteer in a nursing home who celebrates mass in small groups even if she is excommunicated , she said ."
she predicted that the church s resistance will backfire .
"this is bringing more and more women into our group , and i think we re getting more support from catholics who are saying this is getting ridiculous , she said ."
"paris , france cnn a paris court on tuesday convicted brigitte bardot of provoking discrimination and racial hatred for writing that muslims are destroying france ."
"the court also handed down a , fine against the former screen siren and animal rights campaigner ."
the remarks were published in her foundation s quarterly journal .
"in the december letter to sarkozy , now the president , bardot said france is tired of being led by the nose by this population that is destroying us , destroying our country by imposing its acts ."
"she was referring to the muslim feast of aid el kebir , celebrated by slaughtering sheep ."
french anti racism laws prevent inciting hatred and discrimination on racial or religious or racial grounds .
bardot had been convicted four times previously for inciting racial hatred .
"presumptive democratic presidential nominee barack obama will be a good friend to israel if elected , sen . hillary clinton told a pro israel lobbying group wednesday ."
"though clinton has yet to concede the democratic race and spoke wednesday of what she would do as president , she told the america israel public affairs committee that obama understands what is at stake here ."
it has been an honor to contest these primaries with him .
it is an honor to call him my friend . and let me be very clear
"i know that senator obama will be a good friend to israel , the new york senator and former first lady said ."
continuing aftershocks remain a concern .
they could destabilize the rock and soil that form a quake created dam holding back nearly billion gallons . million cubic meters of water .
"a web posting purportedly from al qaeda has claimed responsibility for monday s blast outside the danish embassy in pakistan , which killed at least six people ."
the statement was posted late wednesday on a web site frequently used by islamic militants .
wednesday s message warned that more attacks will follow if denmark refuses to apologize for the cartoons .
"naval ships loaded with supplies for the victims of myanmar s cyclone will sail away from the country s coast on thursday , after the ruling junta refused for three weeks to allow them to deliver aid to survivors ."
"timothy keating said that although the uss essex group will leave the shores of myanmar , also known as burma , he will leave several heavy lift aircraft in thailand to assist international relief efforts ."
"we have made at least attempts to convince the burmese government to allow our ships , helicopters and landing craft to provide additional disaster relief for the people of burma , but they have refused us each and every time , keating said in a statement issued wednesday ."
"madrid , spain and rio de janeiro , brazil , will be eligible to host the summer olympics ."
"the short list will be whittled down to a winner in october to allow the host city seven years to prepare , under committee guidelines ."
the summer games .
"madrid had previously bid for the summer olympics , but it was awarded to london ."
"caroline kennedy has joined barack obama s vice presidential selection team , an obama campaign spokesman said wednesday ."
former fannie mae ceo jim johnson is heading up the search team and former deputy u . s . attorney general eric holder is also serving on the committee .
"kennedy , the daughter of president john f . kennedy , formally endorsed obama late january in a new york times op ed piece titled , a president like my father ."
"i have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , kennedy wrote then . but for the first time , i believe i have found the man who could be that president not just for me , but for a new generation of americans ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenyans have long watched the u . s . presidential election with special interest and , in many cases , a special sense of pride ."
barak obama is the son of a black man from kenya and a white woman from kansas .
"i m excited . . . because he s a kenyan . he s a half kenyan , a smiling woman said in a nairobi neighborhood ."
more than a few hangovers were expected wednesday as many kenyans celebrated the presumptive democratic nominee s latest primary election win and him surpassing the delegate total needed to win the party s nomination .
"video from across the country showed kenyans dancing and swilling senator keg lager , which has picked up the nickname obama beer in honor of the junior senator from illinois ."
"obama is popular across many parts of the country , especially in western kenya where many of his relatives live ."
"i want a black man to rule america so that you can see the changes that obama promised the people . . . to see the change , one young man said ."
"in summer thousands of kenyans lined the streets of kisumu , giving obama a hero s welcome on his visit to his father s home ."
obama s father died in a car accident in nairobi in .
"as he rode through the streets in a truck , flanked by a lengthy convoy , massive crowds chanted obama , obama and waved flags emblazoned with his name and an image of his face ."
"cnn a man and a woman have been charged by police in italy after they were found having sex in a confession box , it was reported wednesday ."
the italian ansa news agency said the young man and woman were taken into custody by police in the northern city of cesena following a telephone complaint from a man attending morning mass in the city s cathedral .
"authorities were alerted after a parishoner heard rustling and groaning coming from inside the confession box and pulled back the curtains to reveal a goth rock couple engaged in oral sex , ansa said ."
"the agency said the pair a year old laborer and a year old teacher defended their conduct saying we are atheists and for us , having sex in church is like doing it any other place ."
"however , bishop antonio lanfranchi of cesena sarsina took said the couple s behavior was an outrage of notable proportions which bespeaks unutterable squalor ."
he added that a special ceremony would be held to purify the confession box .
"houston , texas cnn the international space station s toilet trouble appeared to be taken care of wednesday after a russian cosmonaut replaced a malfunctioning pump ."
the space station s toilet broke two weeks ago .
"the problem , confined to the urine side of the commode , forced the orbiting outpost s crew of an american astronaut and two russian cosmonauts to flush manually with extra water several times a day ."
"space shuttle discovery brought up a new pump for the toilet , as well as the space station s newest room , a billion japanese lab ."
"oleg kononenko spent more than two hours installing the pound pump and hoses and then running three tests of the toilet while he talked with specialists at russian mission control , just outside moscow ."
the toilet worked normally .
"it transports urine via air flow to the pump , which separates the gas and liquid ."
"let s start using it , russian mission control told kononenko , one of the two russians living aboard the space station . we ll keep our fingers crossed ."
kononenko was asked to give periodic reports on how the toilet was working .
"sen . barack obama , the newly minted presumed democratic presidential nominee , said wednesday that it was very humbling to be the the first african american to lead a major party s ticket and expressed confidence the party would unify behind him ."
"you think about all the people who had to knock down barriers for me to walk through this door , he said ."
"and the challenges they went through were so much more difficult , so much more severe , and the risks they took were so much greater that i will say , last night standing in that auditorium , it struck me that it was testimony to them ."
the senator from illinois also said his successful campaign for the democratic presidential nomination has taught america s children that the oval office is within anyone s reach .
"i have heard from a number of people already , both black and white , that their kids , , years old take for granted now that , of course , a black can run for president , that a woman can run for president , he said . there is a matter of factness to it that i think bodes well for the future ."
"asked whether he was disappointed that his rival for the democratic nomination , sen . hillary clinton , did not concede outright tuesday night , obama said his priority was unifying the party ."
"clinton will officially end her campaign for the presidency by the end of the week , sources said ."
a top clinton fundraiser said her withdrawal is expected to happen friday .
"obama won more than the , delegates needed to capture the nomination after the primaries in south dakota and montana on tuesday ."
"the win came after five months of sometimes bitter contests with clinton . he now has , delegates , according to cnn estimates ."
"on wednesday , obama s next challenger , arizona sen . john mccain , the presumed republican nominee , congratulated obama on his victory and immediately challenged him to town hall meetings before the parties conventions in late august and september ."
"beijing , china cnn authorities in southwestern china watched nervously wednesday as rising water behind an earthquake created dam neared a spillway designed to relieve pressure on it ."
"the threat of aftershocks from the may quake and more rain , meanwhile , put the area in extreme danger , said liu ning , chief engineer of the ministry of water resources ."
heavy rainfall and severe aftershocks could compromise the integrity of the dam and send water cascading out .
"in the event of particularly heavy rain and a major aftershock , the chances of a catastrophic failure would stand at percent , liu estimated ."
"authorities have evacuated about , people who are considered to be at risk if water overflows the dam ."
engineers built the spillway to drain water from the lake in a controlled way once it tops the lowest levels of debris blocking the river .
"on tuesday , water in the so called tangjiashan quake lake was within feet . meters of the spillway , in beichuan county , cheng dianlong , deputy chief of the state flood control and drought relief headquarters , told the xinhua news agency ."
"engineers used heavy equipment and dynamite to chisel a , foot long meter long spillway through tons of rock and soil that slid off the hillside during the earthquake ."
they finished work on the channel sunday .
thirty five so called quake lakes were created by the . magnitude quake .
the tangjiashan lake worries chinese officials most because it could threaten up to . million people downstream .
"the official death toll from the quake has risen to , , china s civil affairs ministry reported on tuesday , an increase of ."
"about , people remain missing ."
"sen . hillary clinton will officially end her campaign for the presidency by the end of the week , multiple sources told cnn ."
a top clinton fundraiser says it is expected to happen on friday .
obama and clinton were in washington on wednesday to each address the influential american israel public affairs committee .
"the candidates ran into each other at the aipac conference and had a brief chat , obama spokeswoman linda douglass said ."
she s an extraordinary leader of the democratic party and has made history alongside me over the last months .
"i m very proud to have competed against her , obama told the israel lobbying group ."
obama became his party s presumptive nominee tuesday and will be looking to unite democrats divided by the long and contentious primary season .
"i am very confident how unified the democratic party is going to be to win in november , he said in a senate hallway wednesday ."
some say that putting clinton on the ticket might fit the bill for uniting democrats .
"clinton lavished her opponent with praise tuesday , saying he ran an extraordinary race and made politics more palatable for many ."
john mccain on wednesday challenged barack obama to join him for a series of town hall debates .
"calling for no process questions from reporters and no spin rooms , the presumptive republican presidential nominee proposed one debate a week from now until the democratic party convention in august ."
"obama campaign manager david plouffe welcomed the idea in principle , but suggested some changes to the format . we would recommend a format that is less structured and lengthier than the mccain campaign suggests , one that more closely resembles the historic debates between abraham lincoln and stephen douglas , he said in a statement released by the obama campaign ."
"zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai was released late wednesday after being detained by police for about hours , police and tsvangirai s spokesman said ."
"zimbabwe police detained tsvangirai , the mdc s presidential contender , earlier wednesday , less than a month before the run off election against president robert mugabe , a police spokesman said ."
chamisa said tsvangirai was picked up by police because he was going to attend an unauthorized meeting in southern zimbabwe .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"thierry henry collected his th cap for france in tuesday s win over colombia , playing minutes in les bleus final warm up game before the european championship ."
"henry was fouled to set up france s only goal , a th minute penalty by franck ribery past goalkeeper agustino julio ."
"he also went close in the nd with a curling free kick that forced julio into a leaping save , but was shown a yellow card in the nd for a late tackle ."
former arsenal marksman henry was replaced by chelsea striker nicolas anelka with minutes remaining .
"his international debut years ago in a win over south africa , with his first international goal coming against the same opponent in the opening match of the world cup ."
he is france s all time leading scorer with goals .
"in what he called a defining moment for our nation , sen . barack obama on tuesday became the first african american to head the ticket of a major political party ."
"tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another a journey that will bring a new and better day to america , he said ."
"tonight , i can stand before you and say that i will be the democratic nominee for president of the united states ."
"obama s rally was at the xcel energy center in st . paul , minnesota the same arena which will house the republican national convention in september ."
"speaking in new york , sen . hillary clinton , congratulated obama for his campaign , but she did not concede the race nor discuss the possibility of running as vice president ."
"this has been a long campaign , and i will be making no decisions tonight , she said ."
"there were reports earlier in the day that she would concede , but her campaign said she was absolutely not prepared to do so ."
two new york lawmakers also told cnn on tuesday that during a conference call clinton expressed willingness to serve as obama s running mate in november .
"one source told cnn that clinton told those on the call that if asked by obama , she would be interested in serving as his running mate ."
"one of the lawmakers said clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has been pushing the idea privately for several weeks ."
clinton said she would meet with supporters and party leaders in the coming days to determine her next steps .
she also asked people to go to her web site to share your thoughts with me and help in any way that you can .
cnn has projected that clinton will win the primary in south dakota and obama will take montana .
those states marked the final contests in the primary season .
"secretary of state condoleezza rice blasted iran , hezbollah and hamas on tuesday and called the united states bond with israel unshakable ."
"in a speech at the american israel public affairs committee conference , rice said the united states commitment to israel was unwavering ."
"rice said president bush had kept his promise to remain committed to israel s security , and she characterized the alliance between the two nations as one of the most vital relationships the united states has ."
"after years , israel has no better friend in the world than the united states of america ."
"she called for the return of gilad shalit , an israeli soldier who was captured by gaza militants nearly two years ago in a cross border raid ."
"exiled hamas leader khaled meshaal said his palestinian islamic fundamentalist group has put forward a list of palestinians it wants released from israeli jails in exchange for shalit , but he blamed israel for the breakdown of talks ."
"rice said cooperation on missile defense with israel would help the united states defend against iran , along with going after iranian agents in iraq and continuing to impose sanctions on the regime ."
"in addressing perceived threats posed by iran , rice said that the united states is pursing tough diplomacy ."
we can and we must exploit these vulnerabilities .
"monterrey , mexico cnn a car plowed into a weekend bike race along a highway near the u . s . mexico border , killing one and injuring others , police said ."
"the year old driver was apparently drunk and fell asleep when he crashed into the race , said police investigator jose alfredo rodriguez ."
a photograph taken by a city official showed bicyclists and equipment being hurled high into the air by the collision .
"rodriguez said juan campos was charged with killing alejandro alvarez , , of monterrey ."
"authorities said the wreck happened minutes into the kilometer mile race sunday along a highway between playa bagdad and matamoros , across from brownsville , texas ."
campos said he is an american citizen living in brownsville
. the u . s . consulate could not immediately confirm that .
"we are looking into the incident in terms of whether american citizens were involved , consulate spokesman todd huizinga said ."
"berlin , germany cnn three people are dead and many more injured after a major storm struck southwestern germany , officials said tuesday ."
"two of those killed were women who drowned in their car after it was swept away by floodwaters , said karl wolf , a spokesman for the crisis management center in the zollernalbkreis region in the german state of baden wuerttemberg ."
a third woman died when she became trapped in her flooded cellar .
"heavy rainfall set in late monday , wolf said , and caused the starzel river to rise . feet meters above regular water levels , he said ."
the region is about miles south of stuttgart .
"authorities said they cannot yet estimate how much damage the storm caused , but several roads need to be cleared and some bridges were damaged ."
the police and fire department began clearing roads and pumping water out of cellars tuesday .
"it could take days before the situation normalizes , wolf said ."
"sen . barack obama has clinched the democratic nomination for president , according to cnn estimates , making him the first african american in u . s . history to lead a major party ticket ."
obama picked up a slew of superdelegate endorsements on tuesday .
"those endorsements , combined with the delegates he s projected to receive from south dakota s primary , will put him past the , threshold , according to cnn estimates ."
"obama will claim victory during a speech in st . paul , minnesota , according to prepared remarks released by his campaign ."
"tonight , i can stand before you and say that i will be the democratic nominee for president of the united states , he s expected to say ."
"his remaining rival , sen . hillary clinton , does not plan to concede the race tuesday night , campaign chairman terry mcauliffe told cnn but one of her leading supporters said a moment of truth was at hand ."
"i think a decision has to be made about whether keeping this nomination wide open is in the best interest of winning in november , said sen . dianne feinstein , d california ."
"i do not believe that it is , and i m a very strong supporter of hillary being placed on ticket as a vice presidential candidate ."
two new york lawmakers told cnn on tuesday that clinton expressed willingness during a conference call to serve as obama s running mate in november .
"one of the lawmakers said clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has been pushing the idea privately for several weeks ."
"former president jimmy carter and rep . james clyburn , the no . democrat in the house and the highest ranking african american in congress , were two of the most prominent superdelegate endorsements that obama picked up ."
he is redrawing an electoral map for democrats .
"obama is looking more and more toward a likely general election matchup with john mccain , the presumptive gop presidential nominee ."
obama has started looking at clinton as less of a rival and more as an important ally who can help him win in november .
"sen . clinton is an outstanding public servant , she has worked tirelessly on this campaign , she has been a great senator for the state of new york and she is going to be a great asset when we go into november to make sure that we defeat the republicans , obama said on the campaign trail sunday in south dakota , adding monday in michigan that she and i will be working together ."
"general motors corp . will close four plants , a move that could cost the jobs of hundreds of employees , the company s chief executive officer said tuesday ."
"this announcement comes after gm , the nation s largest automaker , posted a . billion net loss in the first quarter of this year ."
"the plants slated to end vehicle production are in ohio , wisconsin , mexico and canada , gm chairman and ceo rick wagoner said at a news conference"
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"with seconds to spare , year old shang tian zhu bolted out of his school as it crumbled to the ground in last month s massive earthquake ."
but the memories of the may temblor still haunt the young boy .
"he cannot go above a first floor or near tall buildings , his mother said . he wakes up most nights , yelling earthquake !"
"holding tight to his mother , he returned to class for the first time monday in a makeshift school under the cover of a donated tent ."
psychological counselors are also visiting the tent schools to talk with the students about the tragedy .
"washington cnn travelers from england , france , germany , japan and about two dozen other visa waiver countries will be required to register electronically before boarding a plane or boat to the united states , the department of homeland security said tuesday ."
"dhs will begin accepting applications via a secure internet site on august , and will require visitors to use the internet system beginning january , homeland security secretary michael chertoff said ."
"the move will help u . s . authorities vet foreign visitors , he said ."
"the announcement is the latest change to the visa waiver program , which allows citizens of countries most of them european countries that are strong u . s . allies to travel to the u . s . without a visa ."
"currently , citizens from vwp countries complete a written form providing basic biographical , travel and eligibility information while en route to the u . s . and submit the forms to border officials on arrival ."
"under the new program , known as electronic system for travel authorization , or esta , travelers will complete an electronic version of the form before traveling ."
"initially , there will be no fee to apply for travel authorization , although one may be imposed later ."
"visitors will still be required to have valid passports , but after january , travelers with valid esta clearance will not be required to complete the written form ."
"chertoff said the system will make it easier for u . s . officials to check travelers against terror watch lists , and will help travelers by allowing them to deal with possible problems before they get to u . s . borders ."
a st century solution to the problem of keeping terrorists out of the united states .
"critics , however , say the system does nothing to prevent clean skin terrorists those like shoe bomber richard reid who were not on terror watch lists from entering the united states ."
"truckers and taxi drivers slowed traffic around paris business district to a crawl tuesday in a protest over rising fuel prices , and hundreds of fishermen demonstrated in london to demand government help ."
"dozens of trucks and taxis in paris drove slowly toward and around the headquarters of oil giant total in la defense , site of the main financial district , to protest a new tax on heavily polluting vehicles ."
authorities said the operation snarled traffic on several highways .
farmers elsewhere in france blocked ports and oil terminals as part of protests started by fishermen last month demanding government aid to help compensate for high fuel costs .
fishermen from around the united kingdom demonstrated in central london on tuesday to demand their government s help in coping with soaring fuel prices .
"barrie deas , chief executive of the national federation of fishermen s organizations , said the cost of fuel for fishing boats was making it impossible for many in the industry to keep going ."
"boats are going out to sea and fish for five days in terrible conditions and we re not getting enough to even pay our crews , he said ."
"world oil prices have been climbing for months , and topped a barrel on may ."
they have since fallen slightly but remain at near record levels .
"atlanta , georgia cnn an outbreak of salmonella food poisoning first linked to uncooked tomatoes has now been reported in nine states , u . s . health officials said tuesday ."
"lab tests have confirmed illnesses in texas and new mexico as the same type of salmonella , right down to the genetic fingerprint ."
an investigation by texas and new mexico health authorities and the indian health service tied those cases to uncooked large tomatoes .
at least people in texas and new mexico have been hospitalized .
"none have died , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention ."
"thirty people have become sick with the same salmonella saintpaul infection in arizona , utah , colorado , kansas , idaho , illinois and indiana ."
"cdc investigators are looking into whether tomatoes were culprits there , too ."
"in texas and new mexico , raw large tomatoes including roma and red round tomatoes were found to be a common factor in the illnesses ."
"but no farm , distributor or grocery chain has been identified as the main source , said casey barton behravesh , a cdc epidemiologist working on the investigation ."
"the specific type and source of tomatoes is under investigation , she said ."
salmonella is a bacterial infection that lives in the intestinal tracts of humans and other animals .
the bacteria are usually transmitted to humans by eating foods contaminated with animal feces .
"most infected people suffer fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps starting to hours after infection ."
"many people recover without treatment . however , severe infection and even death are possible ."
"infants , the elderly and people with weakened immune systems are at greatest risk for severe infections ."
"by mid afternoon in europe , light , sweet crude for july delivery fell . to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange . on monday , the contract rose cents to settle at . ."
"in london , brent crude on the ice futures exchange fell cents to . a barrel ."
oil prices have fallen back sharply over the last dozen days after climbing above a barrel on may .
prices edged higher on monday on concerns about heating oil supplies and after an opec official said there is no need for the cartel to pump more oil .
"typically a seesaw pattern is an indication that the market has peaked , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore . but some see this as an opportunity to buy ."
"on tuesday , general motors said it would close four truck and suv plants in the u . s . , canada and mexico as surging fuel prices hasten a dramatic shift to smaller vehicles ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn al qaeda or one of its affiliates was probably behind an explosion outside the danish embassy in pakistan , denmark s intelligence service said tuesday ."
"the massive blast in the capital city of islamabad killed at least six people , injured others and damaged the embassy wall and a neighboring united nations building ."
it also left a foot deep crater in the road .
"it is . . . the assessment that al qaeda or an al qaeda related group is the possible perpetrator behind the attack , said carsten thomsen , spokesman for the danish security and intelligence service ."
no group has claimed responsibility for the attack .
"danish embassies in predominantly muslim countries , such as pakistan , have been the scene of protests since danish newspapers reprinted cartoons that muslims say insult their prophet ."
"the islamabad attack came six weeks after al qaeda deputy leader ayman al zawahiri , in a video message , called on muslims to retaliate against denmark for the caricatures ."
"the assessment as of now which is not a final assessment is that it seems to be a terror related attack using a car bomb , thomsen said . and that it is , all in all , likely that the danish embassy has been the target of the attack , regardless of the fact that the embassy lies in close proximity to other foreign representations ."
thomsen said the danish security and intelligence service did not discount the possibility that the attack may have been the work of some other militant groups .
"we should note that some other militant islamic groups in pakistan also might have the intention and capacity to target danish targets in pakistan , he said ."
"sen . hillary clinton on tuesday told new york lawmakers she is open to being the running mate of sen . barack obama , her rival for the democratic presidential nomination , two of the lawmakers told cnn ."
"charles rangel , a senior member of the new york democratic delegation , also told cnn , i have reason to believe she is open to the vice president slot ."
one of the sources added that former president clinton has been privately pushing for a couple of weeks for his wife to be no . on the ticket .
"on monday night , a close friend and adviser of the former first lady told cnn clinton will say tonight that she will do whatever it takes to put a democrat in the white house . obama insiders saw that as an indication she would accept an offer to be his running mate if asked ."
"in her speech tuesday night , she will convey the message that first and foremost she is committed to democrats winning in november and will do whatever she s asked to do , the clinton adviser said ."
"even though she discussed being obama s running mate , her campaign chairman earlier in the day said clinton was absolutely not prepared to concede the race after the polls close tonight in montana and south dakota , the final two contests on the primary calendar ."
terry mcauliffe rejected as percent incorrect an associated press report that clinton is preparing to acknowledge obama has the delegates to win the nomination tuesday night as the five month democratic primary process comes to a close .
"obama doesn t have the numbers today , and until someone has the numbers the race goes on , mcauliffe told cnn ."
obama continued to inch closer to the nomination as superdelegate endorsements trickled in tuesday afternoon .
"obama on tuesday had , delegates , just delegates shy of the , needed to clinch the nomination ."
"world champions italy have called up fiorentina defender alessandro gamberini to replace cannavaro , with goalkeeper gianluigi buffon likely taking over as captain ."
cannavaro was on the ground for about minutes receiving treatment before being carried off on a stretcher .
"the , local fans in attendance gave cannavaro long applause when he finally exited ."
"cannavaro was first taken to a hospital in moedling , then he was transferred to the larger vienna akh facility for further tests ."
italy play their first game of the tournament against the netherlands next monday .
"cannavaro was instrumental in italy s run to the world cup title two years ago , earning the golden ball award based on his efforts at the tournament in germany ."
"berlin , germany cnn berlin s mayor has expressed concern at madame tussauds plans to include adolf hitler among prominent germans who will be immortalized in wax at its new museum , his spokesman said monday ."
"klaus wowereit has written a letter to the wax museum s curators urging them to consider carefully whether to include the nazi dictator and , if they still do , to be careful how they present him , spokesman guenter kolodziej said monday ."
"in the mayor s view , he should not be shown as a cult figure , kolodziej said ."
madame tussauds berlin museum is scheduled to open on july .
"it will be located on the unter den linden boulevard , close to the german capital s landmark brandenburg gate ."
spokeswoman katrin srumsdorf said the museum planned to send wowereit an official response on tuesday .
she stressed that curators recognize hitler needs to be treated with sensitivity .
"unlike in london , where he stands along with major world leaders , hitler s likeness in berlin will be hunched over a desk in a dimly lit bunker , she added ."
"he will appear as an old , broken man , as he might have looked in the days just before he committed suicide , srumsdorf said ."
"the hitler statue will be the only one on display behind glass , which means visitors won t be able to have their pictures taken with it"
"madame tussauds berlin will feature many prominent germans , including former chancellor helmut kohl , current chancellor angela merkel and scientist albert einstein who left germany shortly before hitler took power in , never to return ."
"former iowa gov . tom vilsack , one of hillary clinton s most ardent supporters , said sunday it s time for hillary clinton to acknowledge she has lost her bid for the democratic nomination ."
"vilsack , who was briefly a presidential candidate himself last year , told the associated press it s pretty clear that senator obama is going to be the nominee ."
"after tuesday s contests , she needs to acknowledge that he s going to be the nominee and quickly get behind him , vilsack also said ."
he endorsed clinton shortly after and played a key role in the new york senator s unsuccessful iowa campaign effort .
his comments came the same day the clinton showed signs she plans to press on after tuesday s contests
continuing argue she has won the popular vote and that the party s superdelegates are able to switch their allegiances before the convention in august .
"nineteen u . s . troops were killed in iraq in may , the fewest killed in any month since the war started ."
"the second lowest month for american deaths was in february , when were killed ."
"may s toll was a significant decrease from april , when were killed the highest monthly figure since september ."
"the u . s . military death toll spiked last year as the u . s . troop escalation , dubbed the surge , was unfolding ."
"in , there were deaths in april , in may and in june ."
"numbers began dropping when the surge strategy took hold and shiite cleric muqtada al sadr suspended the activities of his militia , the mehdi army ."
"there were american deaths in july ,"
"in february and in march . may s death numbers appeared to support senate testimony last month from gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq ."
petraeus said recent operations in three iraqi cities have contributed significantly to the reduction in violence .
the month of june may not bring such optimistic news .
"a suicide car bomb struck an iraqi police checkpoint outside police headquarters in mosul on monday , killing nine people , including four police officers , and wounding people , a mosul police official said ."
"eight of the wounded were police officers , the official said ."
mosul is about miles km north of baghdad .
"correns , france cnn brangelina must be cocooning ."
the paparazzi swarming france s cote d azur can t find brad pitt and angelina jolie .
locals mutter or giggle about the invasion of hollywood glam .
a flyover of their new home in a luxurious villa turned up no clues about a report they ve added a set of twins which pitt s manager says is not true .
"a handful of parked cars and two men were seen from up above one planted next to the chopper , another peering skyward through binoculars from an estate driveway ."
"other than that , there was no sign of human life outdoors or in ."
several shutters were pulled on the main stone house .
the apparent calm did not stop the buzz .
entertainment tonight first reported on its web site friday that the actress had given birth in france .
"show host mary hart cited an unidentified source who claimed to be in the delivery room , saying the twins were born and that yes , mother and babies are fine ."
"pitt s manager , cynthia pett dante , told the associated press we have no comment except the story is not true , and several celebrity news outlets also reported the story was false ."
"despite the denial , the web site of britain s now magazine on saturday cited sources in france saying jolie s doctor had flown in from california , and that the couple named the twin girls isla marcheline and amelie jane jolie pitt ."
jolie has said previously that her twins are due in august .
"she and pitt already have four children year old maddox , year old pax and year old zahara , who are adopted , and year old shiloh ."
"if dr . robert zubrin could take a trip to mars , he would be sure to pack a bread maker in his suitcase ."
"not just because bread is a pretty reliable expeditionary food , but because the act of cooking , according to zubrin , seems to help people get along with each other , especially when they are in slightly dire , less than luxurious and more than stressful circumstances ."
"he has , after all , led almost a half dozen mock mars missions on barren arctic ice fields and scorching utah deserts with volunteer teams made up of students , scientists , journalists and anyone else willing to wear fake spacesuits and live in tiny tin can like habitation modules for days on end ."
"the simulated expeditions were made , in part , to research ways to live and work on the red planet ."
what personality types might best be suited to make the million mile journey and who would be better off watching from mission control .
"some of these crews have worked out very well , said zubrin , president of the mars society , a , member multinational group determined to reach what it calls the new world . others were at each other s throats ."
"while it will probably take at least another years before zubrin or anyone else for that matter makes it to the martian surface , nasa and other space agencies are already drawing up plans for a voyage that will present astronauts not only with physical but also psychological challenges never faced by humans before ."
"when you go to mars , all bets are off , said dr . nick kanas , a professor at the university of california , san francisco , who has studied astronaut psychology . we don t know what is going to happen ."
"cincinnati , ohio cnn the man who designed the pringles potato chip packaging system was so proud of his accomplishment that a portion of his ashes has been buried in one of the iconic cans ."
"fredric j . baur , of cincinnati , died may at vitas hospice in cincinnati , his family said ."
baur s children said they honored his request to bury him in one of the cans by placing part of his cremated remains in a pringles container in his grave in suburban springfield township .
"the rest of his remains were placed in an urn buried along with the can , with some placed in another urn and given to a grandson , said baur s daughter , linda baur of diamondhead , mississippi ."
"baur requested the burial arrangement because he was proud of his design of the pringles container , a son , lawrence baur of stevensville , michigan , said monday ."
baur was an organic chemist and food storage technician who specialized in research and development and quality control for cincinnati based procter gamble co .
"baur filed for a patent for the tubular pringles container and for the method of packaging the curved , stacked chips in the container in , and it was granted in , p g archivist ed rider"
baur retired from p g in the early s .
oil dropped below a barrel monday in asia on worries that prices are cutting into demand and as a probe into futures trading by a u . s . regulator continued to weigh on the market .
"jitters about record high fuel and energy prices particularly in the u . s . , which has just started its summer driving season have helped to pull oil off the . a barrel trading record hit may ."
data from the u . s . energy department and federal highway administration and several surveys in recent days suggest american consumers are driving less .
additional selling pressure came with last week s announcement from the commodity futures trading commission about an investigation into possible price manipulation in oil futures markets .
the cftc also announced new rules designed to increase transparency of u . s . and international energy futures markets .
"there are more concerns on the high pricing we have seen , that it will have a negative impact on demand , and the fact that the cftc is expanding its investigation of manipulation in the oil markets , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore ."
"late afternoon in singapore , light , sweet crude for july delivery was down cents at . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"on friday , the contract settled at . a barrel , up cents ."
"cnn if you re prepared to put in some elbow grease and be the envy of your working stiff friends , consider these cool jobs"
. toy creator
"toy creators , also known as commercial and industrial designers , get the best of both worlds"
they use their imaginations and play with toys without the hassle of noisy customers .
"they get paid to think of ideas for new toys , produce them and play with them to see if they re ready to go into production ."
. food scientist
you might not have ever cared who creates all the different flavors of ice cream as long as the scoops keep appearing in your bowl .
"well , food scientists spend their days in laboratories developing and perfecting new flavors so that low fat birthday cake ice cream tastes good and not , well , low fat ."
. doll fashion designer
"fashion designers , like the ones who create the clothes you re wearing right now , decide what attire dolls need and come up with the best design to sell to the public ."
"it might sound like child s play , but consider that barbie s wardrobe makes mattel one of the world s largest clothing manufacturers ."
. sommelier
fine diners know that the perfect meal isn t just about the entr eacute
"it s also about the glass of wine that accompanies each course . of course , if you re like many people , you don t know if a riesling is the best match for fresh tilapia or if it s a faux pas that will send the chef into tears ."
"sommeliers know everything about wines , from the vineyards they were pressed in to the best entr eacute es to pair them with ."
. athletic trainer
every sports team has an athletic trainer on hand to get athletes into shape and to prevent injuries .
they know what stretches and exercises they need to get ready for a big game and how to treat any injuries that do occur .
. event planner
"event planners are responsible for finding convention and meeting sites , orchestrating enrollment and registration , possibly making transportation arrangements for attendees and negotiating prices for venues and hotels ."
"what makes this job cool is that , although you work hard ironing out the many wrinkles that big events entail , you get to visit various sites and network with people of every imaginable industry , which means you re not stuck at a desk all day ."
hillary clinton said she will take the race for the democratic presidential nomination a day at a time and is reviewing all options as she moves forward in her campaign .
"people have been trying to get me out of this race since iowa and my political obituary has yet to be written and we re going forward , she told reporters sunday before leaving puerto rico , where she snared percent of the vote to win the majority of the delegates in the caribbean u . s . territory ."
"after tuesday s primaries in montana and south dakota the party s last contests superdelegates will push either clinton or sen . barack obama to the , delegates needed to secure the party s nomination ."
"barack obama leads among superdelegates to , according to a cnn tally ."
but clinton pointed out superdelegates are free to change their minds and she hopes they will evaluate her wins since february and the coalition of voters she s pulled together .
"this has been such an intense process , i don t think there has been a lot of time for reflection of the sort that i m advocating , which is ok , she said aboard her campaign plane after leaving puerto rico ."
"obama leads clinton in overall delegates , to , , according to cnn calculations ."
"despite clinton s assertion that neither she nor obama will have the necessary , delegates after tuesday s showdown , the obama camp expressed confidence that its candidate will clinch the nomination ."
"if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , obama campaign spokesman robert gibbs told abc s this week on sunday . we hope this week , absolutely ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn a massive blast targeting the danish embassy in pakistan monday killed at least six people and wounded as many as , authorities said ."
confusion lingered about the attack in the capital city of islamabad and the number of casualties .
police at the scene said a suicide car bomber pulled up next to the embassy at about p . m . and detonated explosives .
but senior superintendent of police ahmad latif told cnn that authorities could not immediately label it a suicide attack .
"likewise , a medical worker told cnn the explosion killed eight people , including a young child and at least one foreign national ."
but latif put the number of fatalities at six and said none of the dead were foreigners .
"among the wounded , he said , was a brazilian citizen of pakistani descent ."
"authorities differed on the number of wounded as well , with figures ranging from five to ."
"no embassy official was seriously hurt , latif said ."
it is not uncommon for preliminary casualty figures to vary
police cautioned that the numbers could rise .
"my immediate reaction is that you can only condemn this , said stig moeller . it is terrible that terrorists do this ."
they re destroying the pakistanis ability to connect with denmark . it is completely unacceptable .
"most of the democratic senators who are uncommitted superdelegates will endorse sen . barack obama for president this week , sources told cnn monday ."
"the lawmakers will wait until after the south dakota and montana primaries tuesday before announcing their support for obama , two sources familiar with discussions between obama supporters and these senators told cnn s gloria borger ."
"obama supporters have been pressing for these superdelegates to endorse early this week , but according to one source , the senators don t want to pound hillary clinton , and there is a sense she should be given a grace period ."
"a series of meetings on the topic have been facilitated at different times by illinois sen . dick durbin , former senate minority leader tom daschle and iowa sen . tom harkin ."
"durbin and daschle are obama supporters , while harkin is uncommitted ."
"obama is now delegates short of the , needed to clinch the democratic nomination , while clinton needs ."
obama has the support of superdelegates to clinton s .
superdelegates are party elected officials and activists who are free to vote for either candidate .
"following sunday s puerto rico primary , obama picked up two more superdelegate nods , and clinton received one ."
"jack jordan , , will serve the probationary term in his home state of maryland with a stipulation that he obtain outpatient psychiatric treatment , spokesperson tracy golden confirmed ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"the u . n . security council on monday gave u . s . and allied warships new power to pursue pirates into the waters off somalia , an effort to combat a new spate of hijackings off the horn of africa ."
"the unanimous resolution calls on u . n . members to use all necessary means to repress acts of piracy and armed robbery , and authorizes warships to chase pirates into somali territorial waters if necessary ."
somalia s u . n . backed transitional government has said it would welcome international assistance in battling the pirates .
"a french led squadron , which includes u . s . and german ships , is currently patrolling the somali coast ."
"still , three european freighters were hijacked last week in the gulf of aden , which connects the red sea and the arabian sea off the horn of africa ."
cnn has projected that hillary clinton will win big in puerto rico .
two of the key reasons are her strong performance among those voters who favor statehood for puerto rico and her husband s popularity on the island .
"according to cnn s exit polls , percent of puerto ricans who participated in the primary favor statehood , and clinton won percent of those voters ."
bill clinton s overwhelming popularity in puerto rico also gave the new york senator a boost .
"just over percent said they had a favorable view of the former president , and those voters went for clinton by a point margin , percent to percent ."
"among the percent who hold an unfavorable opinion of bill clinton , percent voted for obama ."
cnn myanmar s defense minister said sunday his government broadcast warnings before a deadly cyclone hit the country last month and it has acted promptly since then in providing relief .
major general aye mint told an international security conference in singapore that military rulers broadcast warnings more than a week before cyclone nargis made landfall on may .
"the government warned the general public about the cyclone and storm through newspapers , radio and television since th of april , he said ."
the minister once again reiterated myanmar s position that the relief phase of the disaster is already over and the country has entered the reconstruction and rehabilitation phase .
"donor nations have insisted that immediate relief needs have yet to be met , with the united nations saying it will take at least another six months ."
"search and rescue task , we are now emphasizing on the second phase , mint said . works in this phase include rebuilding homes and reconstruction of the villages for local people hit by the storm ."
"about , people either died or are still missing since the cyclone struck ."
"myanmar s government has put the death toll at , ."
secretary general ban ki moon guided a conference of donor nations in myanmar on may .
"at the meeting , countries pledged in excess of million to help myanmar recover and said they are willing to open up their wallets further once aid groups are granted access to the worst affected areas ."
"israel has approved the construction of almost new homes in east jerusalem , a move that could hinder international efforts to secure a peace deal by year s end ."
the palestinians hope to make east jerusalem the capital of a future palestinian state .
"a spokesman for israeli housing minister zeev boim said his office will issue a tender this week for the construction of houses , of them in har homa ."
israel and the palestinians are in peace talks that include the future of jewish settlements and east jerusalem .
"in march , israel announced plans to build homes in east jerusalem as part of the jerusalem mayor s initiative to construct , homes in the city to ease the housing plight of young couples ."
"at the time , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice who was in the region to shore up support for the peace initiative said israel should stop all settlement activity ."
"largely at the request of the united states , israeli prime minister ehud olmert froze construction in both har homa and pisgat zeev , the israeli newspaper haaretz reported ."
"australia , a staunch u . s . ally and one of the first countries to commit troops to the war in iraq five years ago , ended combat operations there sunday ."
soldiers lowered the australian flag that had flown over camp terendak in the southern iraqi city of talil .
"the combat troops were expected to return to australia over the next few weeks , with the first of them arriving home sunday ."
"the move fulfills a campaign promise by prime minister kevin rudd , who was swept into office in november largely on the promise that he would bring home the country s combat troops by the middle of ."
rudd has said the iraq deployment made australia more of a target for terrorism .
"rudd s predecessor , former prime minister john howard , said he was baffled by the decision to withdraw the troops ."
"howard , who led the country for years and celebrated his friendship with president bush , told the newspaper that the decision to send australian troops to iraq in was very , very , very hard ."
"but he stood by his choice , which he said helped further deepen australia s alliance with the united states ."
"australian troops helped train , iraqi army soldiers following the overthrow of saddam hussein ."
"they helped train the iraqis in logistics management , combat service support and counterinsurgency operations ."
"bangkok , thailand cnn thailand s prime minister has warned he may send in police and soldiers to disperse several hundred people who have been staging an around the clock protest in bangkok for the past six days ."
the peoples alliance for democracy pad is protesting proposed changed to thailand s constitution which would protect former prime minister thaksin shinawatra and his followers from corruption charges .
"prime minister samak sundaravej issued his warning on government television saturday , saying the protest must stop immediately and calling it a make or break point ."
pad officials have rejected the warning and vowed to continue their demonstration which has not stopped since it began last sunday .
"it was a series of rallies by pad in that led up to a military coup that toppled prime minister thaksin , a wealthy telecommunications tycoon who now lives in exile ."
"thaksin s party , the people power party ppp , is the largest member of the current coalition government ."
"cnn a magnitude . earthquake hit the pacific ocean off the northern philippines sunday morning and was felt as far as southeastern taiwan , the u . s . geological survey reported ."
"the epicenter was about miles kilometers west of basco , the capital of the batan islands in the philippines and about miles kilometers south of taipei , taiwan ."
"no injuries , deaths or damage were immediately reported , said manny torres of the national disaster coordinating center in manila , philippines ."
the center put the earthquake at a . magnitude .
sen . hillary clinton claimed victory in puerto rico on sunday and insisted that she is leading sen . barack obama in the popular vote .
"with percent of precincts reporting , clinton was ahead of barack obama by more than a ratio ."
her win gives her the larger share of puerto rico s delegates .
the democratic primary season ends tuesday when montana and south dakota cast their votes .
"when the voting concludes on tuesday , neither sen . obama nor i will have the number of delegates to be the nominee , she said in san juan , puerto rico ."
"obama leads in the overall delegate count , to clinton s , ."
"a candidate needs , to claim the democratic nomination ."
the clinton campaign has been focusing on the popular vote as it tries to convince superdelegates to pick her instead of obama .
the superdelegates are a group of about party leaders and officials who vote at the convention for the candidate of their choice .
obama campaign spokesman robert gibbs expressed confidence that obama would clinch the nomination in the coming days .
"if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , he said sunday on abc s this week ."
"we hope this week , absolutely , he added ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn massage , that art of laying on hands , has been around for a while and has seen some changes through the years ."
gone is the simple back rub with some oil tossed in .
"today s list of massage options is long and varied , a veritable smorgasbord of touchy feely options ."
"but no matter the variation , most experts agree that massage is a good thing ."
"it increases blood flow to muscles , and that increases healing and speeds healing time , said professor allan platt , who teaches physician assistants at emory university s school of medicine in atlanta , georgia . it s also good for obtaining the relaxation affect for the entire body , which lowers blood pressure , lowers the heart rate and decreases stress , which is all good ."
but there are times when massage is not the answer . platt gives examples
"if there s any damage to bones or muscles that could be manipulated out of place , massage isn t a good idea , he cautioned . like a slipped disc or things like that , where it actually may increase irritation of the nerves or the nerve roots . those are times where it may be beneficial to stay away or stay away from that area ."
other factors also might make avoiding that area a good idea .
"rashes stay away from those areas that might be infected , warned martha young , a certified massage therapist . whether it s eczema , poison ivy or some other skin allergy , massaging that area might irritate it further ."
"she suggests clearing the therapy with a doctor , even before heading out for that massage ."
she has massaged patients with rashes and just avoids those areas so it isn t a complete deal breaker .
but some things are deal breakers .
patients with high blood pressure who are not on medication should rethink this hands on therapy method .
"because getting a massage will increase your blood flow , young explained , that increase in a patient with already high blood pressure could cause problems ."
and cancer patients should be especially cautious .
the lymphatic system is a key vehicle for the spread of cancer .
"massage that stimulates those glands could be detrimental , young says ."
the best rule of thumb is to check with your doctor if you have any major medical issues before you lie on that heated up and padded down massage table .
"defense secretary robert gates said sunday he will make a decision within a matter of days to withdraw u . s . navy ships from the coast of myanmar , because it s becoming pretty clear the regime is not going to let us help ."
"as a result , he said many more people will die , particularly those in areas that can only be reached by helicopters , such as those sitting idle on the u . s . ships ."
"speaking to reporters at the close of an international security conference here , gates said the myanmar representative at the forum did not seem interested in speaking with him ."
but he said it was interesting to watch as minister after minister described their respective unhappiness at their inability to get assistance in to burma .
"it was particularly pointed , he said , because chinese officials thanked other countries for the help provided after the earthquake in china ."
"adm . mike mullen , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said that even when the decision is made to pull the four u . s . navy ships off the coast , the vessels will move away slowly enough to turn back if there is an unexpected change of heart by the myanmar government ."
"gates comments came a day after he made his strongest public condemnation of the myanmar government at the conference , saying that myanmar s rulers have kept their hands in their pockets while other countries sought to help cyclone victims ."
"legendary designer yves saint laurent , who reworked the rules of fashion by creating elegant pantsuits that came to define how modern women dressed , died sunday evening , a longtime friend and associate said ."
pierre berge did not give details but said saint laurent had died following a long illness .
"a towering figure of th century fashion , saint laurent was widely considered the last of a generation that included christian dior and coco chanel and made paris the fashion capital of the world ."
"from the first ysl tuxedo and his trim pantsuits to see through blouses , safari jackets and glamorous gowns , saint laurent created instant classics that remain stylish decades later ."
"when the designer announced his retirement in at age and the closure of the paris based haute couture house he had founded years earlier , it was mourned in the fashion world as the end of an era ."
"beichuan county , china cnn chinese soldiers and engineers have completed a spillway from an earthquake created lake that was threatening to burst its banks in the central county of beichuan , state run news agency xinhua reported sunday ."
"tangjiashan lake was created when a landslide caused by the earthquake dammed jianjiang river , threatening quake hit communities downstream ."
authorities were concerned that the lake could burst its banks or that another aftershock or earthquake could rupture the earthen dam and cause a sudden flood of water on the communities downstream .
workers hope the spillway will allow the water to bypass beichuan town .
"farther downriver , in the town of mianyang , communist party chief tan li head of the city s quake control and relief efforts renewed an order that . million people living downstream from tangjiashan lake be evacuated to higher ground ."
"the diversion project , which included a meter yard channel up to meters feet wide , was completed at p . m . a . m . et saturday , said liu ning , chief engineer of the ministry of water resources and the project s deputy director , xinhua reported ."
"by saturday night , about , cubic meters of mud and rocks had been removed from the lake , and the plan to use explosives to blow away the blockage was abandoned because of the channel s completion , xinhua cited liu as saying ."
"according to the plan , the lake which has been rising about . meters daily and was seven meters from the top of its naturally formed dam would spill into its man made canal between now and thursday ."
the lake in beichuan county is the largest of several quake lakes created by the earthquake nearly three weeks ago .
the project to divert the water took nearly a week .
"it will be wednesday or thursday before authorities know whether their emergency operation is successful , a commander said ."
because the region is so remote most of the roads were cut off by landslides the government has brought the equipment and personnel in with russian military helicopters .
another challenge is the weather .
"the commander said some members of the chinese army have resorted to walking to the site , carrying fuel on their backs , because the helicopters were unable to fly in the fog and rain ."
"many of those who have already left have been living in tents after losing their homes in the earthquake , forcing them to pick up and move again some for the third time ."
the government told frustrated evacuees that they were creating a safer place for them to stay .
"however , the residents said the government created site is not as desirable as the site they are being ordered to leave . they say they would like to return once floodwaters recede ."
"after a day of wrangling in front of a sometimes unruly crowd , the democratic national committee s rules and bylaws committee reinstated all of florida and michigan s delegates to its party convention , with each getting a half vote to penalize the states for moving their primaries earlier than the party had approved ."
the move will leave front runner sen . barack obama s lead over rival sen . hillary clinton intact .
"this results in sen . clinton obtaining a substantial number of additional pledged delegates , but i also understand that many members of the florida and michigan delegations feel satisfied that the decision was fair , obama said after a campaign event in aberdeen , south dakota ."
"our main goal is to get this resolved so we can immediately turn the focus of the entire party on winning florida and michigan and delivering on the needs of the people in florida and michigan states that are enormously important , states where a lot of people are struggling ."
"the florida decision , which follows the pro clinton results of that state s primary , was greeted by virtually all sides as an acceptable compromise on a thorny issue ."
"but clinton backers vowed to fight the michigan decision , which gave the new york senator a delegate edge over obama in a state where his name didn t appear on the primary ballot ."
"with no michigan or florida delegates included , obama led clinton by delegates ."
"the committee s ruling gave clinton pledged delegates from florida and from michigan , with a total of votes ."
"obama received pledged delegates from florida and from michigan , casting a total of votes ."
that tally leaves obama ahead by the equivalent of delegates .
"sen . hillary clinton will win puerto rico s democratic primary by a wide margin , cnn projects , giving her the larger share of the territory s delegates ."
clinton campaign chairman terry mcauliffe said puerto rico was another great win for the new york senator .
"clinton swept obama in every major demographic group , including groups obama generally wins , such as younger voters and higher income voters , according to cnn s exit polls ."
the primary season ends tuesday when voters in montana and south dakota weigh in in the lengthy nomination battle .
those states have a combined delegates up for grabs .
"los angeles , california cnn a pressurized cylinder exploded at universal studios on sunday , injuring two firefighters as they tried to fight a blaze that began early in the day , los angeles authorities said ."
"the blaze at the studios back lot destroyed several movie sets and the king kong exhibit , and damaged a video vault ."
"several firefighters suffered minor injuries , fire officials said ."
"no other injuries were reported , and the blaze is reportedly contained ."
"the fire destroyed an area called new york street , which includes movie set style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of new york city ."
"between , and , videos and reels in vaults were damaged , said ron meyer , chief operating officer of universal studios , the associated press reported ."
"the video library was affected and damaged , but our main vault of our motion picture negatives was not ."
"hours after the morning blaze was reported , the roughly two block area north of los angeles appeared charred and resembled a disaster movie , los angeles city councilman tom labonge said ."
"he said he could see the smoke from his silver lake home sunday morning . it looked like a bomb had exploded , he said ."
a . m . et and was contained by a . m .
"the set of the changeling , a film recently directed by clint eastwood and starring angelina jolie , was completely destroyed , meyer said ."
"another area , called courthouse square , also was destroyed , meyer said ."
"numerous movies have been shot in that area , including several scenes of the hit back to the future , meyer said ."
"and two of the eight locations used by the cbs series ghost whisperer were affected , he said ."
"a tour of the back lot area was closed sunday but was expected to reopen monday , park officials said ."
"fire inspectors had not determined what caused the blaze , said los angles county fire chief p . michael freeman ."
there were no reports of filming at the time of the fire .
jamaica s usain bolt is officially the fastest man on the planet as he set a new meters world record of . seconds at an international meeting in new york .
bolt was trimming two hundredths of a second off the record previously held by fellow jamaican asafa powell and for good measure relegated world champion tyson gay to a distant second .
bolt gave credit to a big contingent of jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat .
i just wanted to give them what they wanted .
"he ran a perfect race , gay said . i ve got to take my hat off to him ."
the lanky . meter bolt had produced his previous best performances before this year over meters and finished second to gay at this distance in last year s world championships .
"but the record changes all that and with powell , who is recovering from a chest injury , and gay he will be among the favorites for the meters at the beijing olympics ."
"seven people died and more than were injured friday when a commercial airliner overshot the runway and traveled into an adjoining street , where it crushed three vehicles and cracked into three sections before coming to a halt a few feet from a house , officials said ."
"passengers , two pilots , four flight attendants and five crew members who were being repositioned when it started the day in san salvador ."
"the airbus a landed at toncontin international airport amid high winds and low visibility at at a . m . a . m . et , a taca spokeswoman said ."
"cnn governments need to ban all tobacco advertising and promotions to deter adolescents from smoking , the world health organization said friday ."
"the campaign is geared toward young people and the effects of advertising on tobacco use , citing statistics that show most smokers start before years old , some reported as young as years old ."
"the tobacco industry employs predatory marketing strategies to get young people hooked to their addictive drug , said douglas bettcher , director of the agency s tobacco free initiative ."
"he said that s why the united nations backed organization is urging governments to ban all tobacco advertising , because when one form of advertising is banned , the tobacco industry simply shifts its vast resources to another channel , including movies , magazines , sports venues and music ."
"the more they are exposed to tobacco advertising , the more likely young people will try smoking , according to the who based on recent studies ."
"the latest updated report on tobacco treatment from the united states department of health and human services says that tobacco kills more than , people in the united states each year , the equivalent of almost of every people in the country . about , adolescents and children daily become cigarette smokers , according to the report ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"denmark held the netherlands to a friendly draw in eindhoven on thursday , marco van basten s side s penultimate warm up match for euro ."
"ruud van nistelrooy opened the scoring for the dutch after minutes but , with the home side squandering a host of chances , christian poulsen levelled minutes after the break ."
"coach van basten made four changes to the side that beat ukraine at the weekend , with the inclusion of arjen robben and van nistelrooy the most decisive ."
van basten announced this week that the real madrid striker would be his undisputed first choice striker and after minutes van nistelrooy put the dutch ahead after a fluent combination between wesley sneijder and robben .
"robben , who only played half of the"
"qualifiers due to injuries , was in fine form and looks a certain starter in next month s tournament as one of the three attacking midfielders ."
"however , in defense , the dutch looked shaky and an error from joris mathijsen allowed nicklas bendtner to control the ball in the area and set up poulsen for the equaliser ."
"the dutch have one more warm up against wales in rotterdam on sunday before starting their euro campaign against world champions italy on june , with france and romania as their other opponents in group c ."
"meanwhile , turkey continued their preparations for the euro finals with a victory over finland in duisburg , germany ."
"new delhi , india cnn members of an indian ethnic community burned effigies , squatted on railroad tracks and blocked highways thursday in an attempt to bring part of the country to a halt in a protest over caste classification ."
"the gujjar community part of india s centuries old , complex social caste order are in their seventh straight day of demonstrations to demand a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits ."
several days of clashes between gujjars and police have left at least people dead .
"on thursday , more than , police officers fanned out across the capital city of new delhi and surrounding areas to maintain peace during the bandh , or shutdown ."
"by p . m . , major arteries joining delhi to surrounding cities had reopened ."
in the gujjar s home state of rajasthan where the protests began last week thursday s shutdown appeared to have been only partially successful .
some shopkeepers shuttered their stores and universities postponed exams .
but many government buildings remained open .
"railway officials canceled train routes , stranding thousands , said northern railway spokesman rajesh khare ."
the rajasthan government airdropped pamphlets asking demonstrators to refrain from violence .
"but protesters picked up the pink colored pamphlets and made a bonfire of them , state news agency the press trust of india said ."
the demonstration commemorates the anniversary of a similar gujjar protest last year that claimed at least lives .
"janeiro , brazil cnn the national indian foundation says one of brazil s last uncontacted indian tribes has been spotted in the far western amazon jungle near the peruvian border ."
"the brazilian government foundation , known as funai , said thursday the indians were sighted in an ethno environmental protected area along the envira river in flights over remote acre state ."
"funai said it photographed strong and healthy warriors , six huts and a large planted area ."
but it said it was not known to which tribe they belonged .
the tribe sighted recently is one of the last not to be contacted by officials .
"survival international said the indians are in danger from illegal logging in peru , which is driving tribes over the border and could lead to conflict with the estimated uncontacted indians now living on the brazilian side ."
"there are more than uncontacted tribes worldwide , most of them in brazil and peru , the group said in a statement ."
"these pictures are further evidence that uncontacted tribes really do exist , survival director stephen corry said ."
"the world needs to wake up to this , and ensure that their territory is protected in accordance with international law . otherwise , they will soon be made extinct ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japanese scientists say they have used cutting edge technology to create a noodle bowl so small , it can be seen only through a microscope ."
"mechanical engineering professor masayuki nakao said thursday that he and his students at the university of tokyo used a carbon based material to produce a noodle bowl with a diameter of , of an inch ."
the project was aimed at developing nanotube processing technology .
nakao said the japanese style ramen bowl was carved out of microscopic nanotubes .
"nanotubes are tube shaped pieces of carbon , measuring about , of the thickness of a human hair ."
"the ramen bowl experiment included a string of noodles that measured , of an inch in length ."
"a helicopter crashed into a building in panama city on thursday , killing of the people aboard , including chile s federal police chief , a panamanian government official said ."
the incident occurred during the afternoon in a commercial zone of the city as the panamanian helicopter was carrying several panamanian police officials and six members of a group from chile .
"they had been attending a regional forum in the city of colon , the official said ."
"witnesses said a rotor blade hit a three story building , causing the helicopter to fall in a ball of fire ."
"several people on the ground were burned , and the building which houses a clothing store also caught fire ."
it took firefighters hours to control the flames and to keep the blaze from spreading to other buildings .
"chilean police chief gen . jose alejandro bernales and his wife were among the dead , the official said ."
a delegation from chile was expected to arrive late thursday to help identify the bodies . no cause was immediately identified for the crash .
the chilean government has declared three days of mourning .
"steve yohanan loved having a cat around while he worked at home , enjoying how she put her head against his hand or purred in his lap ."
"after his allergies acted up and he had to give the cat away , he missed the touch interaction he had with her and started thinking about how he could study these emotional responses to touch ."
"now , yohanan , , a ph . d . candidate in the department of computer science at the university of british columbia in vancouver , has come up with a prototype for a robotic creature he ll use to figure out how humans use touch to communicate ."
"although the research could have implications for robot pets , and that s close to what yohanan is doing , he s more interested in using it to understand human to human communication ."
"i hope that this opens up interaction when you re dealing with social interaction , specifically kind of in a more general robotics sense , but also if you re dealing with mediated interaction , so if you re using technology to interact with another person , he said ."
"the furry robot looks somewhat like a rabbit with no eyes , nose or mouth ."
yohanan left off facial features because he wanted to exclusively study how people respond to the creature through touch .
"although the creature can t move around , a person can feel it breathing and purring ."
"the creature s bunny ears will also stiffen or relax , depending on how it feels in response to a human s touch ."
yohanan imagines that the creature might lead to the development of a robotic pet that could connect couples who don t see each other often .
"for example , a wife who works different hours than her husband could convey her mood through touch to the creature , and the husband would sense that mood through the robot when he came home ."
"the person knows , oh , well , steve s in a good mood today , he said ."
"memphis , tennessee cnn for almost years , dianne odell lived inside a foot long metal tube , unable to breathe outside it but determined not to let it destroy her spirit ."
"from her pound iron lung , she got a high school diploma , took college courses and wrote a children s book about a wishing star named blinky ."
"i ve had a very good life , filled with love and family and faith , she said in . you can make life good , or you can make it bad ."
"odell , , died wednesday when a power failure shut off electricity to the tube and stopped the pump drawing air into her lungs ."
"family members were unable to get an emergency generator working after a power failure knocked out electricity to the odell family s residence near jackson , about miles northeast of memphis , brother in law will beyer said ."
"we did everything we could do , but we couldn t keep her breathing , beyer said . dianne had gotten a lot weaker over the past several months , and she just didn t have the strength to keep going ."
"odell , who contracted polio when she was years old , lived with her parents , freeman and geneva odell , and their house was equipped with an emergency generator designed to fire up immediately in a power failure ."
family members even tried an emergency hand pump attached to the iron lung .
capt . jerry elston of the madison county sheriff s department said emergency crews could do little to help .
the local power company reported spotty power outages in the area because of storms .
"her care was provided by her parents , other family members and aides provided by a nonprofit foundation ."
"dianne was one of the kindest and most considerate people you could meet . she was always concerned about others and their well being , said frank mcmeen , president of the west tennessee health care foundation , which helped raise money for equipment and nursing assistance for odell ."
"odell accepted her life with grace , mcmeen said ."
"odell s iron lung , similar to those used during the u . s . polio epidemics that peaked in the s , was a cylindrical chamber with a seal at the neck ."
she lay on her back with only her head exposed and made eye contact with visitors through an angled mirror .
she operated a television set with a small blow tube and wrote on a voice activated computer .
the positive and negative pressures produced by the machine forced air into her lungs and then expelled it .
iron lungs were largely replaced by positive pressure airway ventilators in the late s that give users much more freedom of movement .
but a spinal deformity from the polio kept odell from wearing a more modern portable breathing device .
"though odell could not leave the iron lung , she was able to be moved in the machine ."
"for her th birthday , in february , friends and family held a party for her , with about guests , at a downtown hotel in jackson , a town of about , residents ."
"she had a foot birthday cake , and she had letters . . . from people all over the country , mcmeen said ."
"naomi campbell has been charged with assaulting two police officers during a luggage rage incident at heathrow airport , her lawyer and prosecutors said thursday ."
"the year old supermodel was charged when she reported to heathrow police station to answer bail over the april fracas , lawyer simon nicholls said ."
"the crown prosecution service said campbell faced five charges three counts of assaulting a constable , one count of disorderly conduct and one count of using threatening , abusive words or behavior to the crew of the airplane ."
campbell was ordered to appear at a west london magistrates court june .
witnesses said campbell was aboard a british airways plane due to take off for los angeles when she became involved in a dispute over her luggage .
tens of thousands of bags had been separated from their owners at heathrow s terminal after its chaotic opening in late march .
campbell was removed from the plane and held for eight hours at the airport police station before being released on bail .
she arrived at the police station thursday in a chauffeur driven mercedes .
"the assault charges carry a maximum sentence of six months in prison and or a fine of up to , . the other charges are punishable by a fine ."
"cnn scientists have trained a group of monkeys to feed themselves marshmallows using a robot arm controlled by sensors implanted in their brains , a feat that could one day help paralyzed people operate prosthetic limbs on their own , according to a study out thursday ."
"i think we ll be doing this on an experimental basis in two years , said schwartz , professor of neurobiology at the university s school of medicine ."
the results were appeared in the journal nature s online edition on thursday .
"the arm is controlled by a network of tiny electrodes called a brain machine interface , implanted into the motor cortex of the monkeys brains the region that controls movement ."
"it picks up the signals of brain cells as they generate commands to move and converts those into directional signals for the robotic arm , which the monkeys eventually used as a surrogate for their own ."
"the researchers report that one monkey achieved a success rate of percent over days of trials , while a second monkey completed its tasks with the arm in percent of tests conducted over two days ."
"they said the animals also were able to direct the arm around obstacles to ensure safe delivery of the food , which included small items such as grapes and marshmallows ."
"i m most excited by the chance to study many neurons at the same time , so we can see how they work together as a network , schwartz told cnn ."
"the research provides the opportunity to consider interactions among neurons , he added ."
"understanding the brain at a more fundamental level , i think , will result in all sorts of chances to treat a wide range of brain diseases such as parkinson s and alzheimer s , according to the professor ."
"an earthquake shook southern iceland on thursday , reportedly causing injuries and damaging roads and buildings ."
"the . magnitude temblor struck about p . m . a . m . et , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
"its epicenter was about km miles east southeast of the capital , reykjavik , and was about km . miles below the earth s surface ."
"it was unclear exactly how many people were injured or the severity of their injuries , olli tynes , a journalist with reykjavik s channel , told cnn ."
"a hospital in a town near the epicenter was also reported damaged , and some wings have had to be evacuated , he said ."
roads and bridges in the area have been closed .
tynes said he has been speaking to residents of the towns closest to the epicenter .
"they said they thought the world was coming to an end , he said . they thought they were going to die ."
"there have been no reports of homes collapsing , as most homes in iceland are built to withstand earthquakes , he said ."
"although iceland is seismically active , its last major quakes were on june and june , , with quakes of . and . , respectively ."
"the temblors damaged homes and buildings , but caused no serious injuries ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn the world s rarest rhino does not like the limelight ."
"a javan rhino was captured on video attacking a camera set up in an indonesian jungle to study the habits of the animal , apparently because she sensed the lens was a threat to her calf , the wwf said thursday ."
"there are only around javan rhinos in the wild , about of which live in ujung kulon national park on the western tip of java island ."
the remainder live in vietnam .
"in the first month of operation , five infrared video traps have captured two images of the camera shy mother and calf , said adhi rachmat hariyadi , head of the wwf s ujung kulon project ."
"it is very unusual to catch a glimpse of the javan rhino deep inside the rain forest , he said , adding the attacked camera was undamaged and put back on its stand the day after the incident ."
wwf officials said they planned to relocate several of the rhinos in the park to another part of indonesia in the hope that they breed .
"otherwise , they fear the species could be wiped out in the event of disease or natural disaster ."
"adhi said the wwf decided to implement the video technology based on the success of similar methods used to track rhinos in sabah , malaysia ."
"rhino numbers in indonesia over the past years have been decimated by rampant poaching for horns used in traditional chinese medicines and destruction of forests by farmers , illegal loggers and palm oil plantation companies ."
"apart from the javan rhinos , there are thought to be around sumatran rhinos still alive in isolated pockets in the forests of malaysia and sumatra island ."
china is turning to its former enemy japan for help as it seeks to boost its relief operations after the deadly earthquake that has devastated the southwestern sichuan province .
"china has begun talks with tokyo about what would be the first significant military dispatch involving the two countries since world war ii , the associated press reported thursday ."
"given the magnitude of this disaster , if some countries or militaries are ready to provide us with material in urgent need , we will express our welcome , said foreign ministry spokesman qin gang , ap reported ."
"the kyodo news agency said japan plans to dispatch self defense forces aircraft to transport tents and other relief supplies to main airports , but the troops will not be allowed to go into the affected areas ."
"the beijing regime has welcomed aid from the international community as it seeks to help the , people evacuated from nearly areas ."
"the official death toll from the quake climbed to , on thursday"
"another , people were injured and , missing ."
"about million are thought to be homeless , the government says ."
"one of china s main concerns after the may earthquake is to deal with the effects of its aftershocks , with landslides having created dangerous quake lakes ."
"thousands of people evacuated after the initial . magnitude quake face the prospect of having to be moved on again due to fears of massive flooding if the the lakes burst , cnn s kyung lah reported thursday ."
"cnn the economy , your location , industry trends even the hiring manager s mood can influence whether or not you get a job ."
here are ways you might be unknowingly sabotaging your own job search
the first steps
. not keeping track of your accomplishments
. leaving on a bad note
. not networking
. only using the internet
. only searching for the perfect job
sum eacute and cover letter
. writing a generic cover letter
. typos
. including your current work info as the best place to contact you
. focusing on yourself and not on the company in the cover letter
. not targeting your r eacute sum eacute to the position
the interview
. showing up late
. dressing for the wrong job
. not asking questions
. badmouthing a former boss
. not paying attention
. not researching the position
. not researching the company
. forgetting common etiquette
. forgetting you re being interviewed from the moment you walk in
. bringing up salary too soon
after the interview
. not sending a thank you note
. being over aggressive in follow up
. not learning from your mistakes
. forgetting where you ve applied and interviewed
. stopping your job search while you wait for a response
"sen . barack obama said that democrats will know their presidential nominee after the final two primary states vote next week and that in his view , the general election campaign officially will begin ."
"i think saturday will be important , put the michigan florida issue behind us , obama said wednesday on a flight from denver , colorado , to chicago , illinois ."
"the party s rules and bylaws committee meets this weekend to consider what to do about delegations from florida and michigan , which broke ranks to hold primaries earlier than party rules allowed ."
"and at that point , all the information will be in , obama said , referring to sunday s vote in puerto rico and tuesday s primaries in montana and south dakota ."
i suspect that you know whatever remaining superdelegates will make their decisions pretty quickly after that .
"by most tangible measures , the general election fight between obama and the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain , has begun ."
"the republican national committee has focused its full firepower on obama for months , and this week , its democratic counterpart took on mccain after his team accused obama of campaign trail gaffes and distortions ."
cnn . com live will stream live coverage of the meeting from start to finish on saturday .
"by cnn s count , obama is delegates shy of the , needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and delegates ahead of clinton ."
"the world bank announced on thursday that it is making . billion available in grants and loans to combat the global food crisis , including some million for those most at risk in the world s poorest countries ."
"these initiatives will help address the immediate danger of hunger and malnutrition for the two billion people struggling to survive in the face of rising food prices , said world bank group president robert b . zoellick in a statement ."
"furthermore , they will contribute to a longer term solution that must involve many countries and institutions , he said ."
"the bank also announced that it would increase next year its overall support for global agriculture and food to billion , up from billion in ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
sen . barack obama says he may travel to iraq between winning the democratic nomination and the november general election .
"i think that if i m going to iraq , then i m there to talk to troops and talk to commanders . i m not there to try to score political points or perform , obama said wednesday . the work they re doing there is too important ."
"obama said the subject of a trip came up after the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain of arizona , suggested that the two men visit iraq together . obama has called the proposal nothing more than a political stunt ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"bogota , colombia cnn flooding in central colombia has left at least people dead , injured and , homeless over the past week , officials said wednesday ."
"torrential downpours have caused the magdalena river , the nation s principal waterway , to overflow . the flooding has flattened houses , killed animals and crops , made highways impassable and isolated entire villages ."
"we have emergencies in of a national total of departments and municipalities , said walter cote , director of socorro nacional for the colombian red cross ."
"that signifies very complex movement in isolated sites and that makes our operation very difficult , expensive and , at times , problematic due to issues of security , he told cnn en espa ntilde"
the downpour has been thrashing the country for three months .
"but the storms have worsened in recent days , causing a number of rivers to overflow and unstable areas to collapse in landslides ."
government officials were taking precautions .
"we are not going to run risks , said diego palacio , colombia s minister of social protection . we are going to persuade people who are on riverbanks or islands that they have to leave immediately ."
the government has declared a state of highest alert in almost half the country and has activated agencies to help people who have lost their homes to the floods .
"federal authorities are offering help through the red cross , the civil defense and firefighters ."
"in some regions , flood related illnesses tied to insufficient hygiene have begun to break out , especially among children ."
"many colombians are donating food , medicine and blankets , which the red cross has taken to emergency sites ."
but colombians are preparing for more difficulty
meteorologists predict more rain across much of the country in the next three weeks .
"the number of people may increase sharply that is to say , if we continue as we are going , the number of people in need could increase by percent to percent ."
authorities estimate that red cross warehouses containing emergency supplies will go empty within a week .
"lorena ochoa withdrew from the ginn tribute event on wednesday , putting the top ranked player s duel with tournament host annika sorenstam on hold ."
"ochoa left for mexico on tuesday night , saying in a statement that her uncle was ill ."
"i am very sorry to have to withdraw , ochoa said . i need to be with my uncle and my family right now ."
"ochoa has won six of lpga tournaments this season while sorenstam , who ochoa surpassed last season to take the top spot , has three wins in her final year on the lpga tour before retirement ."
"she is a tremendous ambassador for our game , and we will miss her this week , sorenstam said ."
"that being said , family comes first and i know she has a very close family . i respect and support her decision and wish them the best ."
"ochoa looked like she would win the inaugural ginn tribute last year , holding a two stroke lead against nicole castrale with two holes to play ."
"but castrale caught ochoa on the st hole to force a play off , then watched the world s best drive into a marsh on the first play off hole ."
ochoa leads the money list with more than . million earned in nine events this season .
"buenos aires , argentina cnn argentine farm groups went on strike wednesday for the third time in nearly three months to protest high export taxes ."
the farm groups said they would suspend grain and beef sales until monday to protest a percent export tax on agricultural products such as soy and sunflower seeds .
argentina is the world s second largest corn exporter and third largest soybean exporter .
"the farm groups said they would go to congress , the catholic church and the supreme court to resolve the crisis , which has presented a formidable challenge to president cristina fernandez de kirchner s government since the tax was imposed march ."
fernandez says the tax is justified and has accused the striking farmers of extortion .
"exports , blocking roads and emptying supermarket shelves ."
"the farmers lifted the blockades and began negotiations with the government , only to resume striking a few weeks later ."
"earlier this month , negotiations resumed without success ."
"on monday the government called off negotiations after a protest sunday against agricultural policies in the eastern city of rosario , the argentine agrarian federation said ."
"the protest drew hundreds of thousands of people , the group said ."
"the solution is in the government s hands , and it is what all argentines are asking for , the statement said ."
canadian women are being asked to volunteer their undergarments in an international effort to shame myanmar s ruling junta into giving citizens greater access to humanitarian aid and human rights . organizers launched the canadian edition of the panties for peace !
campaign this week with a call for women to send their underwear to the myanmar embassy in ottawa .
the campaign plays off regional superstitions that contact with women s panties can sap a man s power .
activists claim the fear is shared by the leaders of the country s military regime .
"spearheaded by a pro democracy group based in thailand , the campaign was launched in the fall to draw attention to human rights abuses against women in the country ."
washington cnn a chinese woman pleaded guilty wednesday to helping a spy provide the chinese government with u . s . military secrets about arms sales to taiwan .
"yu sin kang , a chinese citizen living legally in the united states , admitted serving as an intermediary for the delivery of classified information from agent tai shen kuo to the chinese government ."
"kang , , faces up to years in prison when she is sentenced august in federal court in virginia ."
kang s plea marks the third and final guilty plea in what the u . s . government has called a significant conspiracy to obtain sensitive information on u . s . weapons destined for taiwan .
authorities touted the prosecutions against kang and her co conspirators as part of efforts to combat aggressive chinese government espionage programs that the u . s . government had not seen since the cold war with the former soviet union .
"officials alleged that gregg bergersen , a weapons systems policy analyst for a defense department agency in arlington , virginia , sold highly classified information to kuo , , a naturalized citizen who lives in new orleans , louisiana ."
"kuo is said to have handed the information to kang , a lawful resident alien also living in new orleans ."
kang in turn allegedly gave the information to a spy for the chinese government .
kuo pleaded guilty may and faces a maximum life sentence at his august sentencing .
bergersen admitted handing over the secrets in exchange for gifts including dinners and a trip to las vegas .
he said he was duped into believing that kuo was working for a taiwanese business that would hire him .
"bergersen faces up to years in prison at his sentencing , set for july ."
"cnn actress cameron diaz talks candidly about love , guys , friends , family and charting her own course ."
casual style
diaz doesn t strive to be taken seriously .
"her style is relaxed , never more evident than with her wardrobe ."
"i want to feel like i can go anywhere , whatever i m wearing ."
she has paired them with a simple black sweater and added a dash of glitz with a crystal and gold cocktail ring from barneys .
"i m cuban , so i m drawn to things that sparkle . i like to use accessories to give things a bit of my own flavor ."
men
"so when you make a reported million per movie , how do you make the call that someone is boyfriend material ? i trust my judgment , she says ."
"and though she won t divulge whom she s spending time with , she s clear on what she s looking for . my list is all about balance ."
not that her life has gone exactly as planned .
am i going to have a baby ? who knows ?
family
diaz lives minutes from her family and has always spent a great deal of time with them .
"she raves about her parents , crediting them with fostering her sense of humor ."
"they just celebrated their th wedding anniversary . they re just really good , cool people ."
"sadly , after this interview was conducted , her father , emilio diaz , passed away unexpectedly ."
"my dad was so loved by so many people , and his humor and spirit will always live in our hearts ."
"in her interview , diaz remembered how her dad taught a then scrawny young girl how to fight bullies in school ."
"he said he d always back me up if i got in trouble . he is a good man , stand up and loyal ."
oil prices held steady below a barrel wednesday in asia after dropping more than in the previous session on a growing sense that soaring prices have cut demand for gasoline and other fuel .
"the normally busy summer driving season in the u . s . kicked off with the just ended memorial day weekend , and some analysts are predicting that data will show it had a lackluster start ."
"it definitely was lower than previous memorial day weekends , said tom kloza , publisher and chief oil analyst at the oil price information service in wall , n . j ."
"the united states is the world s largest energy consumer in terms of total use , and fluctuations in demand there can have an outsized impact on international"
"also , since americans are particularly reliant on their cars dues to a lack of mass transport in all but a few cities and they have to drive longer distances to their jobs , their consumption of gasoline is closely watched ."
"midday in singapore , light , sweet crude for july delivery was up cents at . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"the contract fell . to settle at . a barrel tuesday , the first day of trade after the memorial day holiday ."
tuesday s drop was oil s biggest one day decline since march .
"yokosuka , japan cnn the oldest active ship in the u . s . navy , the aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk , made its final departure from japan on wednesday to be decommissioned after nearly half a century of service ."
"the kitty hawk , with sailors lining its decks , pulled away from yokosuka port just south of tokyo to the cheers of hundreds of schoolchildren and the sounds of brass bands ."
"the kitty hawk , the last conventionally powered aircraft carrier in the navy , is to be replaced later this summer by the uss george washington , a nuclear powered carrier ."
"after leaving japan , the kitty hawk will make a stop at pearl harbor in hawaii and then travel on to the puget sound naval shipyard in bremerton , washington , to be decommissioned ."
", was assigned to japan in ."
it has since made deployments in the western pacific and participated in operation enduring freedom in iraq .
it was the oldest active ship with the longest total period of active service in the navy .
"since it arrived in august , the kitty hawk has been a visible symbol of strength in a rapidly changing world , u . s . ambassador to japan thomas schieffer said . goodbye kitty hawk , hello george washington ."
"the kitty hawk and its battle group are the centerpiece of the th fleet , the largest in the navy , with to ships , aircraft and about , sailors and marines ."
"roughly of the ships are based in japan and the pacific island of guam , while the others rotate out of ports in hawaii and the u . s . west coast ."
the george washington is scheduled to be based at yokosuka starting in august .
"chinese premier wen jiabao , whose swift appearance at disaster sites has made him one of the nation s most popular figures and earned him the nickname grandpa wen , now has a profile on facebook ."
it s not clear who set up wen s profile
the chinese ministry of foreign affairs and the state council press office both told cnn they were not aware of the page .
"facebook , one of the web s most popular social networking sites , allows users to create personal profiles ."
"fake profiles abound , however , with dozens for president bush and a handful for mother teresa ."
at least one other profile of wen exists on the site .
"by early wednesday just two weeks since the profile s creation on may about , facebook users had signed on as wen s supporters ."
"by comparison , bush s profile boasted about , supporters , according to a feature on the site browse the politicians ."
"u . s . presidential candidate , sen . barack obama , led everyone , with , supporters ."
"just hours after the earthquake struck on may in southwestern china , wen traveled to the hardest hit sichuan province , consoling and grieving with survivors ."
"more than , people have been killed in the disaster ."
"in january , when china suffered the worst winter storms to hit there in years , wen turned up at a rail station and apologized to the millions of travelers left stranded across the country ."
"the page lists his interests as chinese literature and the most american of pastimes , baseball ."
"cnn same sex couples in california may be able to obtain marriage licenses on june , state officials said wednesday ."
"the california supreme court struck down the state s ban on same sex marriage as unconstitutional in a may ruling , clearing the way for the state to become the second to legalize such marriages ."
the state department of public health which serves as state registrar and oversees vital records said in an announcement that june is the last day the state supreme court can rule on any requests for re hearing .
it released new marriage license forms for counties to use beginning the following day .
"however , the general information page for california marriage licenses still stated as of wednesday that only an unmarried male and an unmarried female may marry in california ."
"the california supreme court issued the ruling in a consolidated case involving several gay and lesbian couples , along with the city of san francisco and gay rights groups ."
a lower court had ruled san francisco acted illegally in issuing marriage licenses to same sex couples in .
"in its ruling , the state supreme court called marriage a basic civil right ."
"opponents of same sex marriage have said a constitutional marriage amendment should be placed on the november ballot , and that national efforts should be made to generate a federal marriage amendment ."
a constitutional amendment initiative that would specify marriage is only between a man and a woman is awaiting verification by the california secretary of state s office after its sponsors said they had gathered enough signatures to place it on a statewide ballot .
"twenty two nations are particularly threatened by the global food crisis that has seen soaring prices increase hunger , leading to protests and riots in some countries , the united nations said wednesday ."
a report prepared by the u . n . food and agriculture organization for a summit in rome next week said the countries are vulnerable because they suffer from chronic hunger and are forced to import food and fuel .
"the report said eritrea , niger , comoros , haiti and liberia are particularly affected ."
the three day conference that opens tuesday is expected to draw a number of world leaders .
the fao said it will provide a historic chance to relaunch the fight against hunger and poverty and boost agricultural production in developing countries .
"high oil prices , growing demand , flawed trade policies , panic buying and speculation have sent food prices soaring worldwide ."
"food riots have occurred in haiti , egypt and somalia this year ."
"the crisis underlines the fragility of the balance between global food supplies and the needs of the world s inhabitants , said the fao s director general , jacques diouf ."
the report warned that the world must prepare for further sharp price increases and continued market volatility .
"we hope that world leaders coming to rome will agree on the urgent measures that are needed to boost agricultural production while protecting the poor from rising prices , diouf said ."
"eritrea , burundi , comoros , tajikistan , sierra leone , liberia , zimbabwe , ethiopia , haiti , zambia , central african republic , mozambique , tanzania , guinea bissau , madagascar , malawi , cambodia , north korea , rwanda , botswana , niger , kenya ."
"washington cnn nasa rushed wednesday to get a special pump on board shuttle discovery to fix a balky toilet at the international space station , as the launch countdown got under way ."
the space station s russian built toilet has been acting up for the past week .
"the three male residents have temporarily bypassed the problem , which involves urine collection , not solid waste ."
russian space officials are providing the pump to launch aboard discovery on saturday .
the shuttle s seven astronauts arrived at kennedy space center a few hours ahead of the start of countdown wednesday afternoon .
"at the same time , a nasa employee was en route to florida from russia with the foot long pump and related hardware , which was packed in a diplomatic pouch and carried onto the commercial jetliner as pounds of hand luggage ."
"to make room for the pump inside discovery s crammed cabin , nasa was going to pull out some wrenches , a spare part for the space station s oxygen generator , and a microbe killing device for use in the european space lab ."
"clearly , having a working toilet is a priority for us , so some of these things that we didn t need for the next six months or so could wait , said payload manager scott higginbotham ."
"nasa is also squeezing in a disney action figure , buzz lightyear ."
the toy popularized by the movie toy story will spend several months at the space station as part of an educational program for math and science teachers and their students .
sen . john mccain strongly criticized sen . barack obama wednesday for not visiting iraq in more than two years and for turning down the arizona senator s suggestion that the two should make a joint trip to the country .
"sen . obama has been to iraq once a little over two years ago he went and he has never seized the opportunity except in a hearing to meet with gen . david petraeus , mccain said at a campaign event in reno , nevada ."
"my friends , this is about leadership and learning ."
"again raising the issue of obama s willingness to meet with iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , mccain also said of the illinois senator , he wants to sit down with the president of iran but hasn t yet sat down with gen . petraeus , the leader of our troops in iraq ?"
"obama last visited iraq in january , for a two day tour of the country ."
"mccain s comments come the same day the republican national committee launched a clock on its web site noting how many days it has been since obama traveled to iraq , and three days after his supporter sen . lindsey graham , r south carolina , suggested the presumed republican nominee and obama tour the country together ."
"mccain later said he agreed the democratic presidential contender should accompany him on an upcoming trip , adding that he would seize that opportunity to educate sen . obama along the way ."
obama spokesman bill burton declined the invitation and called the move a political stunt .
"the american people don t want any more false promises of progress , they deserve a real debate about a war that has overstretched our military and cost us thousands of lives and hundreds of billions of dollars without making us safer , he added ."
but psychologists who study happiness often report a different picture .
"being the mom of a young child especially one under is rewarding , but also a real strain on your mood ."
"moment to moment , you may be exhausted , frustrated , sometimes angry , says peter ubel , m . d . , a professor of medicine and psychology at the university of michigan ."
"in fact , on their list of pleasurable activities , moms rank child care lower than eating , exercising , or watching tv , according to a university of michigan study ."
"and kid care rates only slightly higher than housework , working , or commuting !"
"kids do bring joy , says daniel gilbert , ph . d . , a psychology professor at harvard university and author of stumbling on happiness . they bring transcendent moments that outweigh all the hard work ."
it s just that children do not increase your average daily enjoyment .
the happiness paradox
one reason for the discrepancy between moms and experts selective memory .
"when psychologists ask moms in a general way if they like spending time with their kids , the overwhelming majority say they do because they re thinking of fun activities like reading a book or playing in the park ."
"when they re specifically asked to describe their actual daily routine , they remember the hours they spent struggling to get their child dressed or ready for bed ."
"maybe , though , the cold calculus of psychological science is missing the intensity of joy that time spent with your child can bring ."
"there are little moments that are grand slam home runs , says gilbert ."
"luckily , those moments can overcome your daily frustrations ."
"happiness is more than just that smiley feeling , says karen reivich , ph . d . , a research associate in the positive psychology center at the university of pennsylvania ."
"the first step to being a happier mom , then , is to value what you do to feel that it s important ."
the next step is to find ways to make it more enjoyable . here s how
admit when you re stressed
get enough sleep
savor the moment
take the long view
reconnect with your spouse
say thanks
"the democratic party is likely to meet rule breaking florida and michigan halfway when it comes to seating their delegates at the national convention , two members of the rules committee said wednesday ."
"such a move may help sen . hillary clinton close the delegate gap with front runner sen . barack obama but not overtake him , said sources familiar with party deliberations ."
"the democratic national committee s rules and bylaws committee meets saturday in washington to consider what to do with florida and michigan , which broke ranks to hold primaries earlier than party rules allowed ."
"as punishment , both state parties were told that they would not be represented at all when the party officially nominates a presidential candidate at the august convention in denver , colorado , and they are challenging those sanctions ."
clinton and her supporters have been pressing for a compromise that seats as many delegates from the two states as possible .
clinton s web site encourages people to write to the rules and bylaws committee .
"there is one number that we are going to be satisfied with , and that is . million people having their votes counted , clinton supporter tina flournoy said ."
"about , people voted in michigan and about . million in florida ."
"the party needs to recognize the january primary votes in both of those states , clinton campaign co chairman harold ickes said wednesday ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn nepal s newly elected leadership changed the country from a monarchy to a republic just before midnight wednesday , a historic move that ended more than years of autocratic rule in the country ."
"after approving the move by an overwhelming vote , the body said it would send a letter to year old king gyanendra and his family informing them that they have days to vacate the royal palace ."
"of the members of the assembly present for the vote , only voted to keep the monarchy ."
"cnn more than nations meeting in dublin , ireland , agreed wednesday on a treaty that would immediately ban all cluster bombs , a spokesman for the cluster munition coalition told cnn ."
"in addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the international accord calls for strong standards to protect those injured by them and to make sure that contaminated areas are cleaned up as quickly as possible and that the weapons are immediately destroyed , said thomas nash , coordinator for the group ."
"though some of the biggest makers of cluster bombs , including the united states , russia , china and israel , were not involved in the talks and have not signed the accord , organizers predicted that those nations would nevertheless be pressured into compliance ."
hundreds of truck drivers parked their rigs on roadways in london and in other cities across britain on tuesday to protest a more than percent increase in the price of diesel fuel in the past year .
"around and , trucks from a range of companies took part in the protest said peter carroll , a trucking company owner and protest organizer ."
diesel now costs on average pound . . a liter in the uk .
that would make it nearly . a gallon . liters compared to the u . s . price of . .
the drivers plan to ask british prime minister gordon brown for help .
"after a rally at marble arch , some of the protesters march about two miles to the prime minister s residence at downing street to hand him a letter , carroll said ."
"i think the fuel crisis in the uk has touched a common nerve , he said . everyone is talking about it , so i don t think he ll turn a deaf ear to it this time ."
"the demonstration scheduled for london was the largest of several planned across britain on tuesday , carroll said ."
"other protests were planned for edinburgh , scotland and cardiff , wales ."
manchester united have warned real madrid that they may report them to fifa over their continued public pursuit of cristiano ronaldo .
"manchester united has watched with growing irritation the comments attributed to real madrid over their alleged desire to sign cristiano ronaldo , the statement said ."
the player is on a long term contract and his registration is held by manchester united the player is not for sale .
"the club will have no alternative but to report real madrid to the world governing body , fifa , if it continues to behave in this totally unacceptable fashion ."
"ronaldo , who was united s top scorer with goals last season , has made no secret of his desire to eventually play in spain , but united are determined to hold on to their prize asset who has four years left to run on his current deal at old trafford ."
"the winger joined up with the portuguese national squad , who are preparing for euro , shortly after united beat chelsea on penalties to win the champions league ."
eva longoria parker has taken time to dish out frostys and french fries at a wendy s fast food restaurant .
"the desperate housewives star worked the drive through at the restaurant tuesday to help kick off the father s day frosty weekend , an event that donates cents for every frosty sold to the dave thomas foundation for adoption and its signature program wendy s wonderful kids ."
the corpus christi caller times reported in its online edition that longoria parker worked at wendy s from to .
"while the current star of wisteria lane dished up fast food , her husband , tony parker of the san antonio spurs , was preparing for game of the los angeles lakers spurs national basketball association playoff matchup in san antonio ."
"a glitch with a mars orbiter relaying commands from earth delayed plans for the phoenix mars lander s second day of activities tuesday , nasa officials said ."
"the mars reconnaissance orbiter turned its uhf radio off , possibly because of a cosmic ray , cutting off communications with the lander , said fuk li , manager of the mars exploration program for nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california ."
but li and others said it s not a significant problem .
"all this is is a one day hiccup in being able to move the arm around , so it s no big deal , said ed sedivy , program manager for the phoenix flight system for lockheed martin corp . in denver ."
"li said that the orbiter was programmed to respond as it did , but that orbiter team members were trying to get the radio back on ."
"it has a second radio aboard that might be used instead , though reprogramming would be needed ."
"since landing on mars on sunday , phoenix has delighted scientists with the first ever peek of the planet s unexplored northern latitudes ."
cnn weddings are supposed to be a time to celebrate new beginnings .
"but for shay nowick , whose friend asked nowick to be a bridesmaid at her wedding , it was the beginning of the end of their friendship ."
"even before the wedding , nowick says their relationship had been rocky ."
"she was one of those friends who made you feel bad if you didn t call , nowick , , a technology director in san francisco , says of her former pal ."
"still , she wanted to support her friend on her special day ."
"but as the wedding approached , nowick says , she felt overwhelmed by her friend s bickering and constant demands ."
"on the big day , smiles were few and far between ."
"by the end of the day , it was clear we weren t going to be friends , she says ."
"her friend hung up on her , nowick says , and that was that ."
"when friends grow apart , commit acts of betrayal or demand too much time and energy , what s the best way to end the relationship ?"
"there are right ways and wrong ways , says kerry patterson , a consultant on human interaction in provo , utah . it s one thing when it dies a natural death , but when it s one sided , you have to be really sensitive ."
"the most common way people choose to break up is to withdraw and stop communicating , says patterson , author of crucial confrontations"
"tools for resolving broken promises , violated expectations and bad behavior ."
"in such cases , the other person should be able to pick up on the cues ."
"that s what happened to nicolette schumacher , , a sales account manager in san francisco ."
"after living together for four years and helping each other through everything from boyfriends to bad hair days , her best friend just disappeared ."
"we had no falling out , no fight . we were really good friends , says schumacher ."
"schumacher got the hint , but she didn t know why ."
"it s like losing a family member , she says ."
having a conversation with the friend about what happened and why might open the door to a painful and unproductive negotiation or it could save the friendship .
"schumacher , the sales account manager from san francisco , would have appreciated having that conversation ."
i just feel bad because i don t know what i could have done . there s nothing i can think of .
"if a friend is breaking up with you , patterson says , you can be gracious and say you don t want to be needy , or you can ask for feedback ."
"but no matter who s doing the breaking up and how , patterson says , the main thing is to be careful with your friend s feelings ."
oil prices fell below a barrel tuesday on a growing sense that soaring gas and oil prices have cut demand for fuel during the normally busy u . s . summer driving season .
"at the pump , meanwhile , retail gasoline prices rose , but only slightly , leading to renewed speculation that gas may follow the normal seasonal pattern of peaking around memorial day , then declining over the summer ."
last week s surge in oil prices drove gasoline prices sharply higher just before the long memorial day holiday weekend in the u . s .
"i think that we re going to see that that is the peak or very close to it , said michael lynch , president of strategic energy economic research inc . in winchester , mass ."
lynch thinks energy investors are selling on recent data showing that americans are driving less due to high prices including weekly energy department reports that demand for gasoline is falling and a federal highway administration report showing americans drove fewer miles in march .
energy department data showing demand for gasoline over the memorial day holiday period won t be released until next week .
"london , england cnn humanitarian aid workers and united nation peacekeepers are sexually abusing small children in several war ravaged and food poor countries , a leading european charity has said ."
"children as young as have been forced to have sex with aid workers and peacekeepers in return for food and money , save the children uk said in a report released tuesday ."
"after interviewing hundreds of children , the charity said it found instances of rape , child prostitution , pornography , indecent sexual assault and trafficking of children for sex ."
"it is hard to imagine a more grotesque abuse of authority or flagrant violation of children s rights , said jasmine whitbread , chief executive of save the children uk ."
"they offered us haitian gourdes . and some chocolate if we would suck them . i said , no , but some of the girls did it and got the money ."
it believes that thousands more children around the world could be suffering in silence .
"people don t report it because they are worried that the agency will stop working here , and we need them , a teenage boy in southern sudan told save the children ."
"the charity s research was centered on ivory coast , southern sudan and haiti , but save the children said the perpetrators of sexual abuse of children could be found in every type of humanitarian organization at all levels ."
save the children is calling for a global watchdog to tackle the problem and said it was working with the u . n . to establish local mechanisms that will allow victims to easily report abuse .
"the united states should scrap a significant portion of its nuclear arsenal , sen . john mccain said tuesday in a speech laying out his nuclear security policy ."
mccain also spoke about canceling the development of nuclear bunker busting bombs and working with russia and china to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons .
"it is my hope to move as rapidly as possible to a significantly smaller force , the presumptive republican presidential nominee said at the university of denver ."
mccain advisers described the senator s policy as significantly different from that of president bush in its goals and approach .
protesters interrupted mccain s speech four times .
the hecklers were escorted out of the room and shouted down by others in the audience chanting the candidate s name .
"this may turn into a longer speech than you had anticipated , mccain said with a wry grin after one interruption ."
"mccain linked his vision to that of president reagan , an icon to conservatives , many of whom have been suspicious of the senator ."
"a quarter of a century ago , president ronald reagan declared , our dream is to see the day when nuclear weapons will be banished from the face of the earth ."
"reacting to the speech , a spokesman for sen . barack obama , the democratic front runner , said that the substance of it mirrored obama s positions but that mccain has no track record of leading on the issue ."
"cnn as rising gas prices leave drivers with ever heftier tabs at the pump , americans have started looking for ways to reduce the drain on their budget ."
"for some , transitioning away from a one person , one car lifestyle has proved rewarding ."
"janaki purushe , a year old genetic researcher living in rockville , maryland , bikes just about everywhere she goes ."
"when i had the opportunity to finally plan my own life after i graduated college , purushe explains , i took into consideration where i was going to shop , where my friends live , where my boyfriend lives , and i definitely tried to plan the location of my home around where i was going ."
"now , although she still has a car , purushe bikes to work every day ."
i feel like i m getting more out of my days .
"in march , americans drove billion fewer miles than in march of ."
"when rising gas prices coincided with a baby on the way for lucas and naomi smith , they knew they had to make some quick changes help keep life affordable ."
"between insurance , gas and the depreciation of the car s value , lucas smith says the couple saves about a month ."
"in making room in the budget for the baby , the smiths each also gave up their cell phones and cable tv ."
"sen . barack obama on tuesday rolled out ideas he said will help stabilize the u . s . housing market , while saying president bush s response was too little , too late ."
he also called opponent sen . john mccain out of touch with people struggling to keep their homes .
"we ve had enough of the can t do , won t do , won t even try approach from george bush and john mccain , said obama , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination . we can t afford another president who can t be bothered to stand up for working people ."
it s time for a change .
obama said he d propose a billion foreclosure prevention fund that would help homeowners modify their home loans to avoid foreclosure and bankruptcy or help them sell the home if the payments grow beyond their means .
"the illinois senator also proposed amending bankruptcy laws to protect people trapped in predatory or misleading home loans and said that , as president , he d raise penalties on lenders who break home loan laws ."
"cnn myanmar s military rulers have extended the five year detention of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , prompting a chorus of international disapproval ."
united nations secretary general ban ki moon said the junta s decision was regrettable .
"the sooner restrictions on aung san suu kyi and other political figures are lifted , the sooner myanmar will be able to move towards being an inclusive nation , reconciliation , the restoration of democracy and the full respect for human rights , ban said ."
u . s . president george w . bush said he was deeply troubled about the decision .
the united states calls upon the regime to release all political prisoners in burma and begin a genuine dialogue with aung san suu kyi .
"the uk foreign secretary , david miliband , said i was saddened , if not surprised , to learn that the burmese government has , once again , decided to extend the house arrest of aung san suu kyi . along with some , other political prisoners in burma , aung san suu kyi lost her freedom for simply expressing a desire to bring democracy to burma ."
suu kyi won the nobel peace prize in .
she has become the face of the pro democracy movement in myanmar and the focus of a global campaign to free her .
"suu kyi is the daughter of the country s martyred independence leader , gen . aung san ."
"her national league for democracy party is the country s largest legal opposition group , and it retains the loyalty of millions of citizens despite two decades of repression ."
the junta has confined suu kyi in her home for of the last years .
her latest house arrest began in and has been renewed annually for the last five years .
it is unclear if suu kyi s confinement had been extended for six months or for a year as there were conflicting reports .
"because myanmar s government exercises tight control of news within the country , exile groups are often the only source of information about what is happening inside ."
"two exile groups mizzima and the democratic voice of burma said the detention was extended for six months but a government source , speaking on condition of anonymity told the associated press it was extended by months ."
"suu kyi s lawyer , jared genser , said he did not know how long the confinement would be but he added any length of time would be illegal because myanmar s law states suu kyi could only be held in confinement for five years ."
"they should have released her or put her on trial , genser said . their failure to do so not only flouts their own law but international law ."
"a new york state judge has ruled that dell , one of the world s leading computer companies , and its financing unit engaged in fraud , false advertising , deceptive business conduct and abusive debt collection practices ."
"supreme court justice joseph c . teresi will hold further proceedings to determine how much restitution dell will have to pay to its customers , the decision said . dell said disagreed with teresi s decision ."
"our goal has been , and continues to be , to provide the best customer experience possible , jess blackburn , a spokesman for the company , told cnn in a written statement ."
"in all , four total aftershocks rattled the area tuesday , all of them above magnitude . , according to the u . s . geological survey usgs ."
"xinhua reported the newest aftershocks at . and . magnitudes , citing the china national seismological network . the usgs said they measured . and . magnitude . the chinese news agency said they struck the southwest china town of qingchuan in sichuan province , and neighboring ningqiang in shaanxi province ."
"a total of people were injured in qingchuan alone by the new aftershocks , xinhua said ."
"warren buffett , whose business and investment acumen has made him one of the world s wealthiest men , was quoted in an interview published sunday as saying the u . s . economy is already in a recession ."
"asked by germany s der spiegel weekly whether he thinks the u . s . could still avoid a recession , he said that as far as the average person is concerned , it is already here ."
but people are already feeling the effects of a recession .
"it will be deeper and longer than what many think , he added ."
omaha based berkshire has about billion in cash and is looking to invest .
"berkshire s subsidiaries include insurance , clothing , furniture , natural gas , corporate jet and candy companies ."
berkshire also has major investments in such companies as coca cola co . and anheuser busch cos .
"colombo , sri lanka cnn a bomb exploded on a crowded commuter train in a southern suburb of sri lanka s capital monday , killing nine people and wounding at least others , police said ."
"the parcel bomb had been placed in the luggage rack on the train , which was bound for the southern town of panadura , kilometers miles from colombo , police said ."
"investigators blamed the country s tamil tiger separatist movement for the attack , which occurred about p . m . gmt , et in the southern suburb of dehiwala ."
"many of those on the train were office workers headed home at the end of the workday , police said ."
"the bombing came amid a nationwide alert triggered by the discovery of at least three packages , in three different towns , that contained bombs ."
"it followed allegations by the tamil tigers , who are fighting for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka , that government forces had killed civilians in an attack on rebel held territory in the wanni region friday ."
the rebels also said the government killed an infant and a year old girl when warplanes bombed the area the same day .
bayer leverkusen have turned to former german international striker bruno labbadia in a bid to revive their fortunes in the bundesliga next season .
defeat on the final day of the bundesliga season saw leverkusen slip to seventh in the standings and miss out on a place in the uefa cup .
coach michael skibbe paid the price and was fired last week with labbadia being appointed as his replacement on monday with a two year contract .
"we were looking for a coach that s fresh and fits in our system , leverkusen business manager wolfgang holzhaeuser told the associated press ."
"labbadia , who was italian born , played twice for germany s national team and bundesliga games for several teams , including bayern munich and werder bremen ."
"los angeles , california cnn academy award winning director sydney pollack , who achieved commercial and critical success with the gender bending comedy tootsie and the period drama out of africa , has died ."
"pollack died of cancer monday afternoon at his home in pacific palisades in los angeles , surrounded by family , said agent leslee dart ."
"he had been diagnosed with cancer about nine months ago , said dart ."
"pollack , who often appeared on the screen himself , worked with and gained the respect of hollywood s best actors in a long career that reached prominence in the s and s ."
"last fall , pollack played marty bach opposite clooney in michael clayton , a drama that examines the life of a fixer for lawyers ."
"the film , which pollack co produced , received seven oscar nominations , including best picture and a best actor nod for clooney ."
pollack was no stranger to the academy awards .
"in , out of africa a romantic epic of a woman s passion set against the landscape of colonial kenya , captured seven oscars , including best director ."
"over the years , several of his other films , including tootsie and they shoot horses , don t they ?"
"pollack s last screen appearance was in made of honor , a romantic comedy currently in theaters , where he played the oft married father of star patrick dempsey s character ."
"in recent years , pollack produced many independent films with filmmaker anthony minghella and the production company mirage enterprises ."
"the lafayette , indiana , native was born to first generation russian americans ."
"in high school , he fell in love with theater , a passion that prompted him to forgo college and move to new york and enroll in the neighborhood playhouse school of the theater ."
"studying under sanford meisner , pollack spent several years cutting his teeth in various areas of theater , eventually becoming meisner s assistant ."
"after appearing in a handful of broadway productions in the s , pollack turned his eye to directing ."
"two daughters , rebecca and rachel his brother bernie and six grandchildren ."
"iraqi soldiers rounded up six teenagers in northern iraq who were being trained , against their will , to carry out suicide bombings for al qaeda in iraq , the interior ministry said monday ."
"troops conducting house to house searches in mosul found six teens , ages to , who were being trained to perpetrate attacks against iraqi security forces , said ministry spokesman maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf ."
"insurgents had threatened to kill the boys or their families if they refused to comply with the training , deputy interior minister kamal ali hussein told reporters ."
"the saudi insurgent threatened to rape our mothers and sisters , destroy our houses and kill our fathers if we did not cooperate with him , one of the youths told the associated press in mosul ."
the boys were rounded up as part of the mother of two springs operation targeting al qaeda in iraq in mosul and nineveh province .
"the teens had been trained in recent weeks , khalaf said ."
"a saudi national a suspected al qaeda in iraq operative had been one of their trainers , but he was believed to have died in a military operation , khalaf said ."
it is not known where or when he was killed .
"the group of teens included the son of a female physician , the son of a college professor and four youths who belonged to families of poor vendors ."
"barboursville , west virginia cnn one young shopper at a wal mart in west virginia had to watch out for more than falling prices ."
"a year old girl picking up a seedless watermelon from a bin was stung sunday by a tan , inch long scorpion that had apparently stowed away in a shipment from mexico ."
"megan templeton , of barboursville , was taken to the hospital as a precaution but later released ."
"her father , william templeton , said the pain was a little worse than a bee sting ."
"he initially did not believe his daughter when she said she had been stung by a scorpion , but then he saw it scurry underneath a box ."
it was captured by wal mart employees .
"most of the nearly , kinds of scorpions are not dangerous to humans ."
canadian prime minister stephen harper said monday that the country s foreign minister has resigned for leaving classified documents in a nonsecure location .
"harper said he accepted the resignation of maxime bernier , who has come under fire in recent weeks after it was reported that his ex girlfriend had previous relationships with men who had ties with organized crime ."
"this is a serious error , harper said ."
harper said that bernier s controversial relationship with a woman linked to the hells angels was not a factor in the decision .
"we must always accept responsibilities for the documents that are classified , harper said . the minister has immediately acknowledged the gravity of this mistake ."
"harper did not say what the documents were , where they were left or if they were shared with others ."
"harper said that david emerson , the international trade minister , will take over as interim foreign affairs minister ."
cnn a passenger who landed at tokyo s narita airport over the weekend has ended up with a surprise souvenir courtesy of customs officials a package of cannabis .
"a customs official hid the package in a suitcase belonging to a passenger arriving from hong kong as part of an exercise for sniffer dogs on sunday , reuters . com reported ."
"however , staff then lost track of the drugs and suitcase during the exercise , a spokeswoman for tokyo customs said ."
"customs regulations specify that a training suitcase be used for such exercises , but the official had used passengers suitcases for similar purposes in the past , domestic media reported ."
tokyo customs has asked anyone who finds the package to return it .
"zimbabwe president robert mugabe has warned against outside influences in next month s run off election , likening one american diplomat to a prostitute and threatening to oust another from his country . zimbabwe cannot be british , it cannot be american ."
"yes , it is african , said mugabe , whose speech sunday was quoted monday in the herald , the state run newspaper . you saw the joy that the british had , that the americans had , and saw them here through their representatives celebrating and acting as if we zimbabwe are either an extension of britain or . . . america ."
you saw that little american girl u . s . assistant secretary of state for african affairs jendayi frazer trotting around the globe like a prostitute . . .
"mugabe went on to say that u . s . ambassador to zimbabwe james mcgee would be expelled from the country if he persisted in meddling in zimbabwe s electoral process , the newspaper reported ."
"the fallout from zimbabwe s stalled election has brought international criticism , with frazer taking the most emphatic stance ."
"in april , frazer accused mugabe , who has ruled zimbabwe for nearly three decades , of trying to steal the election and intimidating the population and election officials as well ."
the first election was march .
an announcement of the winner of the presidential election was delayed for weeks as opposition leader morgan tsvangirai claimed he had won .
"the zimbabwe electoral commission , after a long delay , ruled that neither candidate had won the required majority of votes , and scheduled a runoff election for june ."
"since the march balloting , there have been numerous reports from tsvangirai s party and church groups about kidnappings , torture and other violence , including the deaths of opposition party members ."
mugabe denies his supporters were responsible for election related violence .
"bogota , colombia cnn relatives and friends of the hundreds of men and women held hostage in the jungles of colombia held out hope for their release now that the leader of the country s largest leftist guerilla group is dead ."
"government officials announced saturday that the founder and leader of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia farc manuel marulanda , alias tirofijo sureshot died in the jungle of cardiac arrest in march ."
"senior farc rebel commander timoleon jimenez on sunday confirmed marulanda s death and said alfonso cano , a longtime ideologue for the group , has replaced him ."
"holding out hope that marulanda s death will result in change was magdalena rivas , whose son elkin hernandez was abducted by the group more than nine years ago ."
"luis eladio perez , who was held by farc for seven years before his february release , said he believes a path toward a negotiated solution could be opened for the release of hostages , estimated to number ."
"they include politicians like former presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , military police and three u . s . citizens ."
cnn six unicef staffers arrived in myanmar on monday after being granted access to enter areas hardest hit by the cyclone in a sign the nation s secretive military junta may be keeping its promise .
the team will assist five local workers in assessing needs in the devastated irrawaddy delta .
they are expected to remain in the region for a week and map out the heavily affected areas that have been inaccessible to aid organizations until now .
"the decision is seen as a positive step forward and a kind of openness that the u . n . secretary general has been pushing for in the past few days , unicef emergency communication officer mike bociurkiw told cnn ."
"the low lying irrawaddy delta , known as the country s rice bowl because it produces up to percent of its staple crop , bore the brunt of the may storm ."
"the cyclone wiped out crops and flooded the area with salt water , imperiling future harvests ."
"bodies still lined the shore in some spots , aid workers reported ."
"about , people either died or are still missing , according to the united nations ."
"myanmar s government has put the death toll at , ."
"until now , myanmar s military leaders have prevented foreign agencies from doing a needs assessment and insisted that any aid be distributed by its soldiers and volunteers ."
that demand runs counter to the policy of many agencies .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon spent the weekend in myanmar and guided a conference of donor nations on sunday .
"at the meeting , countries pledged in excess of million to help myanmar recover and said more money would be forthcoming once aid groups are granted access to the worst affected areas a condition the junta agreed to ."
cnn job seekers often forget that seasonal jobs aren t only for gift wrappers and department store santas during the holidays .
the warm seasons bring a whole slew of work that makes finding a job for the summer months an easy affair .
here are some positions to consider as you head out on your summer job hunt
. childcare workers
"when children are no longer in class , parents who have jobs outside the home are suddenly forced to find something for them to do eight hours each day ."
"during the summer months , parents take refuge in childcare , whether in the form of a private caretaker or a professional facility ."
. restaurant servers
"with sunny weather comes the ability to dine alfresco , which means people will find any excuse to eat out all summer long ."
"restaurants hire more staff , such as hosts , hostesses and servers , to accommodate the increase in patrons ."
. sales associates
"working in retail is the tried and true rite of passage for many teenagers , and it s also a good seasonal job for experienced workers who have established customer service skills ."
"not to mention all the other gadgets you wind up buying , like sporting equipment , landscaping materials and a barbeque grill that you don t need but can t resist ."
. lifeguards
the best refuge from the sun is a day at the pool or water park .
"if you don t mind dealing with hyper children and relish the chance to soak in the rays while getting paid to monitor swimmers , look into being a lifeguard ."
. office assistants
"employees go on vacation , which leaves the company short on help during this time ."
"also , employers know how many summer hires are available and are eager to finally tackle projects they didn t previously have enough staff to complete ."
. hotel and resort staff
"when vacationers want to get away from their daily grind , they like to be pampered in full amenity hotels and resorts ."
"somebody s got to do the legwork , which includes working the front desk and attending to other visitor needs ."
. amusement park attendants
these mammoth amusement parks are filled with employment opportunities for the summer job seeker from working the rides to selling souvenirs to wearing a mascot costume .
"the first pictures from nasa s mars phoenix lander , which successfully touched down near mars north pole sunday , showed a pattern of brown polygons as far as the camera could see ."
"it s surprisingly close to what we expected and that s what surprises me most , said peter smith , the mission s principal investigator ."
"the landing on the red planet s arctic plains which ended a day journey was right on target , a feat nasa s ed weiler compared to landing a hole in one with a golf ball from , miles ."
"the landing dubbed the seven minutes of terror was a nerve wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions ."
"in mission control at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , they celebrated the lander s much anticipated entry ."
"it was better than we could have imagined , barry goldstein , project manager for the phoenix mission , told cnn ."
the phoenix s day mission is to analyze the soils and permafrost of mars arctic tundra for signs of past or present life .
"chengdu , china cnn chinese military engineers are prepared to dynamite a potentially dangerous quake lake created when landslides dammed a river after this month s earthquake in which more than , people were killed , state run media reported monday ."
"authorities are concerned the swelling lake will burst as water from the jianhe river in beichuan county in china s southwestern sichuan province rises behind the earthquake created dam , the xinhua news agency reported ."
"the lake . . . may cause a devastating flooding if the barrier bursts , xinhua said ."
authorities want to control the flow of water rather than have the dam give way all at once by creating a spillway .
helicopters transported military experts armed with dynamite and heavy equipment to the site monday morning .
"about , chinese soldiers and police were already at the site ."
more than of the so called quake lakes were created by the . magnitude quake that devastated the region on may .
"a strong aftershock on sunday killed at least eight people , injured about , others and destroyed more than , homes in china s sichuan , gansu and shaanxi provinces ."
"the official toll from the original quake has now risen to , , china s civil affairs ministry said monday . another , people were injured and , are missing , according to the ministry ."
"shaanxi experienced the highest death toll as a result of the aftershock , with four people losing their lives ."
one each died in sichuan and gansu .
"the aftershock damaged more than , other homes , according to state media . it also damaged another dam , cutting off several more roads in the region ."
"former president bill clinton said that democrats were more likely to lose in november if hillary clinton is not the nominee , and suggested some were trying to push and pressure and bully superdelegates to make up their minds prematurely ."
"i can t believe it . it is just frantic the way they are trying to push and pressure and bully all these superdelegates to come out , clinton said at a south dakota campaign stop sunday , in remarks first reported by abc news ."
clinton also suggested some were trying to cover up sen . clinton s chances of winning in key states that democrats will have to win in the general election .
the people they want her .
"oh , this is so terrible she is winning the general election , and he is not ."
"oh my goodness , we have to cover this up"
the former president added that his wife had not been given the respect she deserved as a legitimate presidential candidate .
cnn former georgia congressman bob barr was nominated officially sunday as the libertarian candidate for president .
"barr , who played a prominent role in the impeachment of former president bill clinton , told supporters at the libertarian national convention in denver , we have only days to win this election ."
"some gop observers are watching to see if barr will draw votes away from the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain of arizona , in the general election ."
he was elected to the house of representatives in and represented a conservative district in the atlanta suburbs for four terms .
"in his last term , barr became an increasingly vocal critic of president bush ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id cnn
"iran is still withholding critical information that could determine whether it is trying to make nuclear weapons , the international atomic energy agency said in a restricted report ."
"the nine page report , obtained by cnn on monday , details a number of recent meetings with iranians officials who deny conducting weapons research and continue to stymie the united nations nuclear watchdog agency ."
"iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , namely energy for power lines , and in the past has described interactions with the iaea as positive ."
hints at the frustrations of the iaea investigators seeking clear answers about the program .
"london , england cnn britain s largest union is merging with united steelworkers , creating the first trans atlantic labor organization , the two labor groups said sunday ."
"unite , which represents more than million workers in britain s transportation , energy and public sectors , among others , is set to join united steelworkers , which has some , members in the united states , canada and the caribbean ."
unite spokesman andrew murray said the finishing touches were worked out at a meeting between unite and steelworkers representatives last week .
"the unions have joined forces because both have been left behind by globalization , murray said ."
"while big business is global , and labor is national , we re going to be at a disadvantage ."
murray said the new super union s structure was still being worked on .
"he said its two component parts would maintain their separate identities , at least at first ."
he added that the new grouping hoped to enlist other foreign unions .
"there s a number of legal complexities , he said . this is only very much a first step ."
"murray said an official announcement would be made at the steelworkers constitutional convention in las vegas , beginning in june ."
"fort worth , texas cnn another memorable shot , and another victory , for phil mickelson s impressive ledger ."
"instead , it was the yard wedge from heavy rough that set it up"
"when mickelson had to hit under one tree and over another , the ball clipping branches while headed sky high ."
i m as surprised as anybody i was able to make a from over there .
"once mickelson hit the ball it just came off perfectly , he said he couldn t see it through the branches ."
so he took a couple of steps before jogging through the trees into an opening just in time to see the ball fall back to earth near the flag .
one of mickelson s best shots ever ?
"probably top five , lefty responded , pointing out that he had already discussed that with his wife , amy ."
"new delhi , india cnn at least people have been killed in three days of riots over class discrimination in the west indian state of rajasthan ."
"members of the gujjar community part of india s centuries old , complex social caste order have engaged in clashes with police officers , who have opened fire in four districts , cnn s sister network , cnn ibn reported ."
they are demanding a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits .
"hundreds of supporters took turns camping on rail tracks in the rajasthan city of bharatpur , as the bodies of those killed by police fire lay in a field nearby , the station reported ."
"india s constitution outlaws caste based discrimination , and barriers have broken down in large cities ."
"prejudice , however , persists in some rural areas of the country ."
"as a result , the indian government has put in place an affirmative action plan that sets aside job and educational quotas for the disadvantaged groups that it classifies as scheduled tribes and scheduled castes ."
"these communities , the government believes , needs extra assistance to overcome centuries of discrimination ."
"cnn the first ever landing of a probe near mars north pole happened smoothly on sunday , nasa confirmed ."
"the mars phoenix lander , completing a day , million mile journey , closed in on the red planet with a chance of a successful touchdown on its arctic plains , nasa officials said ."
"the landing dubbed the seven minutes of terror was a nerve wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions ."
"despite that , they could hardly contain their excitement ."
"in mission control at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , they celebrated the lander s much anticipated entry ."
the mission of the phoenix is to analyze the soils and permafrost of mars arctic tundra for signs of life past or present .
"kathmandu , nepal cnn a year old nepalese man reached the summit of mount everest on sunday and became the oldest person to climb the world s highest mountain , a tourism official said ."
"min bahadur sherchan reached the , meter summit early in the morning with his climbing guides , said a nepal tourism ministry official , ramesh chetri ."
"sherchan was just days away from his th birthday , chetri said ."
"he beat the record set last year by japanese climber katsusuke yanagisawa , who scaled the peak at age ."
"sherchan was in good health and was descending from the summit , chetri said ."
"the former soldier climbed smaller mountains before everest and has been an active sportsman , chetri said ."
he said about a dozen climbers scaled everest on sunday following one of the busiest weeks in the mountain s climbing season .
a veteran sherpa guide scaled everest on thursday for a record th time .
"appa , who like most sherpas goes by only one name , reached the summit along with several colleagues ."
he was among more than climbers to reach the summit that day the largest number ever in a single day from the nepalese side of the peak .
mountaineers were able to resume everest climbs on may after the nepalese government lifted a temporary ban ordered to prevent protests against china s rule in tibet during an ascent by chinese climbers carrying the olympic torch .
the chinese torch team scaled the summit on may from the northern tibetan side of everest and nepal lifted the ban a day later .
"london , england cnn a british teenage actor playing a minor role in the upcoming harry potter film was stabbed to death during a brawl in london on saturday , police said ."
"rob knox , , was stabbed after he got caught up in a fight outside a bar in southwest london early saturday , london s metropolitan police said in a statement ."
"knox plays ravenclaw student marcus belby in the upcoming film harry potter and the half blood prince , the sixth installment of the popular series set for release in november ."
"warner bros . , the studio that is producing the film , said it was shocked by the news ."
"knox was one of five young men taken to various hospitals after the brawl , police said ."
among them was a year old who has since been arrested on suspicion of murder .
"the fight did not appear to be gang related , police added , but it puts the number of violent teenage deaths in london at so far this year ."
"brussels , belgium cnn a large cargo plane crashed at the end of a runway and split in two while trying to take off sunday at brussels airport , authorities said ."
"four of the five crew members on board the boeing were slightly injured and were hospitalized , said jan van der cruysse , spokesman at brussels airport ."
"the plane is very seriously damaged , he said ."
"the aircraft cracked in two after it crashed at the end of runway , which lies very close to a rail line and houses ."
"rail services to and from the airport were suspended as a safety precaution , however the crash did not affect other flights at the airport , van der cruysse said ."
"francis vermeiren , mayor of the nearby town of zaventem , said the plane did not catch on fire when it crashed after attempting to take off ."
vermeiren was coordinating rescue efforts at the airport .
"cannes , france cnn the french film the class , a frank tale about classroom life using real students and teachers at a junior high school , won top honors sunday at the cannes film festival ."
"directed by laurent cantet , the class entre les murs was the first french film to win the main prize , the palme d or , at cannes since under satan s sun in ."
"the docudrama was shot in a raw , improvisational style to chronicle the drama that unfolds over one school year ."
"the win was a unanimous decision among the nine member cannes jury , said sean penn , who headed the panel ."
"the movie that we wanted to make had to resemble french society , had to be multifaceted , a bit teeming , complex , and had to sometimes portray frictions that the film didn t try to erase , cantet said ."
italian films won the second place grand prize and third place jury prize .
"matteo garrone s gomorrah , a study of the criminal underworld in naples , took the grand prize , while paolo sorrentino s il divo , a lively portrait of former premier giulio andreotti , won the jury award ."
"benicio del toro won cannes best actor prize for che , steven soderbergh s four hour plus epic about latin american revolutionary che guevara ."
"i d like to dedicate this to the man himself , che guevara , said del toro ."
"he also thanked soderbergh , who got up every day , forced me to this . . . . he was there pushing it , and he pushed all of us ."
soderbergh directed del toro to the supporting actor oscar for s traffic .
"sandra corveloni was chosen as best actress for linha de passe , in which she plays the mother of four brothers struggling to make better lives for themselves in a brazilian slum ."
it was her first role in a feature film .
"colombia s largest leftist rebel group on sunday confirmed the death of its leader , pedro antonio marin , also known as manuel marulanda velez and nicknamed tirofijo , also known as sure shot ."
"marulanda , , died march of a heart attack in one of the forested hideouts used by farc , colombia s revolutionary armed forces , according to a taped speech by farc commander timoleon jimenez , also known as timochenko ."
"jiminez said marulanda was replaced by alfonso cano , a longtime ideologue for the group ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"chengdu , china cnn a powerful . magnitude aftershock hit china s sichuan province sunday , reportedly damaging more than , homes in the region where at least , people were killed by a powerful earthquake on may ."
"state media said at least two people died and more than were hurt as a result of the latest seismic jolt , which came as chinese officials warned that dams in the province damaged in the original quake were in danger of bursting their banks ."
the province has experienced dozens of aftershocks since a devastating . magnitude earthquake on may .
"more than , homes in the area were damaged by the aftershock , according to local television reports ."
"the aftershock was felt in chengdu , one of the largest cities in sichuan province and about miles from"
"a cnn employee , on the th floor of a high rise hotel , reported that the building swayed ."
"on saturday , when china s premier wen jiabao gave united nation secretary general ban ki moon a dramatic look at the damage , a strong aftershock shook the town they were in ."
"meanwhile , the death toll from this month s earthquake in china reached , , a government official said sunday . another , are still missing ."
"at the sunday news conference , a civil affairs ministry official said rescue workers have pulled alive , people from the rubble of the may earthquake ."
"the earthquake has left more than , children without their parents and more than , elderly without caregivers , china s state run news agency said sunday ."
a water ministry official said at the same conference that dams are in danger of bursting in sichuan province .
"an apparent tornado toppled buildings in a central iowa town , trapping several people , as twisters swept across the midwest on sunday evening ."
that they said caused considerable damage and flung debris as it moved east at miles per hour .
"the national weather service confirmed a tornado in hugo , just north of minneapolis , and authorities also reported twisters in nearby coon rapids and blain ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"the parliament has tried times to vote on a new president , but failed because of disagreements over how to share power in a new cabinet ."
"that agreement , reached in doha , qatar , under the mediation of an arab league committee , paved the way for the election ."
"cindy mccain , wife of presumptive republican presidential nominee sen . john mccain , made million in , according to tax returns released friday afternoon ."
"she paid more than . million in taxes that year , according to the returns ."
the campaign released only the top two summary pages of her returns .
the mccains have separate personal assets and file taxes separately under the terms of a prenuptial agreement .
cindy mccain is the daughter of a millionaire arizona anheuser busch beer distributor whose net worth has been widely estimated to be in the tens of millions .
"on the return , she listed her occupation as executive ."
hillary clinton said friday she regrets comments that evoked the june assassination of robert kennedy as part of her explanation for why she was staying in the presidential race late into the primary season .
"earlier today , i was discussing the democratic primary history , and in the course of that discussion mentioned the campaigns that both my husband and senator kennedy waged in california in june in and , and i was referencing those to make the point that we have had nominating primary contests that go into june . that s an historic fact , she told reporters ."
"clinton s campaign initially defended the remarks , saying that the new york senator had been drawing a historical parallel and any reading into it beyond that is inaccurate and outrageous ."
"the statement drew a quick , sharp response from democratic front runner barack obama s campaign , which said clinton s comment was unfortunate and has no place in this campaign ."
"oil prices rose above a barrel for the first time thursday , with supply worries , global demand and an ever weakening u . s dollar driving crude futures up ."
"the world s top energy watchdog is preparing a sharp downward revision of its oil supply forecast , according to a report in the wall street journal ."
"by midday in europe , the contract stood at . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange , up . on wednesday s close of . ."
investment bank goldman sachs last week revised its oil price forecast for the second half of from to a barrel .
but some analysts saw the new target becoming a reality much sooner .
barack obama is quietly beginning his search for a running mate .
a veteran democratic activist in washington told cnn that former fannie mae ceo jim johnson has accepted obama s request for him to begin a screening selection process for the no . spot .
johnson performed the same role in and for then democratic presidential nominees john kerry and walter mondale .
"the activist , a party operative who has been involved in democratic presidential campaigns and conventions dating back more than years , said it is his information that the process is at a very early point but that within the campaign itself they have been informally thinking about it for a while ."
obama campaign spokesman bill burton declined to comment on the report .
new york cnn forget the empire state building .
some new york tourists are eager to see the city s other landmarks
"carrie s stoop , charlotte s gallery and that restaurant where samantha threw a martini in a boyfriend s face ."
"fans of sex and the city have long arrived here eager to see the shoes , the cosmopolitan drinking fashionistas and the glamorous serial daters for themselves ."
"now , with the movie follow up to the show set to premiere later this month , a number of them are planning trips so that they can see sex and the city . . . in the city ."
"along with three female friends , she s planning to relax at a spa mentioned on the show , take a sex and the city hotspots tour and see the movie on its opening weekend ."
"the producers have said that new york city is the fifth lady of the show , says lisa blythe perlman , a guide for the hotspots tour . eighty percent of the show was filmed on location ."
the tour company says it has already seen advance purchases more than double for the may opening weekend .
"fertitta , who peppers his conversations with journalists with mentions of the show , said he was surprised on a recent visit to china when he found himself flooded by questions from local female reporters about the series ."
"they look at this as a window into new york city , he said ."
"london , england cnn one of francis williams favorite stories to tell is about the time he was pulled over for speeding ."
"williams , who had been in london on business , was driving home through the english countryside when a police officer stopped him and wanted to know two things"
it turned out the response to the second question would help williams resolve the first
"and the police officer said , do you know , my wife has bought some of that ."
the answer to the first question was subsequently forgotten .
"williams , who describes himself as the lunar ambassador to the united kingdom , is the owner of moonestates ."
"as proof of purchase , new property owners receive a silver tin containing a personalized lunar deed and a moon map with a tiny black x marking their tract s approximate location ."
"most of the land williams sells is in the northwest , in an area known as oceanus procellarum , or ocean of storms a desolate lava plain formed by volcanoes billions of years ago ."
williams received his license to sell lunar land in the uk from dennis hope .
"in , the nevada based entrepreneur claimed ownership of the moon after finding what he calls a loophole in the united nations outer space treaty , which forbids countries from owning the moon but , according to hope , does not forbid individuals from owning it ."
"hope , who estimates he has sold over million acres of moon land , said he immediately filed a declaration of ownership with the u . n . along with the united states and russian governments ."
"after years , the moon mogul still has not received a reply ."
"i have never heard from them on that note ever , hope told cnn in a phone interview ."
"while the u . n . may have ignored hope s lunar land claims for almost three decades , it is unlikely the organization will be able ignore what could soon become a question of increasing international importance who , exactly , does own the moon ?"
"at some point the world community needs to come together and draft some new convention or treaty , said paul dempsey , director of the institute of air and space law and mcgill university in montreal . it is an open wound that needs to be healed ."
"eindhoven , netherlands cnn philips electronics nv says it has developed a three dimensional television ."
the prototype combines slightly different angles of the same image to create video that appears to have different depths .
"at its annual presentation of corporate research tuesday , the company has also showed models of a low energy water purifier for use in developing countries and a flat light that is transparent like ordinary glass until it is turned on ."
"philips , the world s largest lighting company , uses ultraviolet light for the water purifier and leds , or light emitting diodes , for the illuminating glass surface ."
vitamin d is becoming an increasingly important player in a healthful diet .
"over the past years , a spate of research has linked it to an impressive and diverse array of potential benefits ."
"in addition to vitamin d s well known function of increasing calcium absorption and thereby helping encourage healthy bone growth , it has shown promise in helping to prevent certain cancers , heart disease , diabetes , and osteoarthritis ."
"however , while many in the scientific community are excited about its promise , they have yet to agree on how much you need and where to obtain it ."
vitamin d is unique in many ways .
"at the time of its discovery in , vitamins a , b , and c were already identified"
"d was the next letter in line , so that was the name given to the compound ."
"however , vitamin d behaves like a hormone in the body , relaying chemical messages something no other vitamin does ."
"for example , vitamin d signals the intestines to absorb calcium from foods and to regulate its uptake by bone cells ."
"some nutrients , such as vitamin c , are put to work immediately by the body in the form in which they are consumed ."
"vitamin d , however , requires processing ."
"vitamin d is a key component in helping the body respond to many different kinds of assaults and stimuli , says robert heaney , ph . d . , professor of medicine at creighton university in omaha , nebraska ."
"in the absence of it , you re asking the body to defend itself with one hand tied behind its back ."
"the ai for vitamin d is international units for adults under age , iu for those to , and iu for those age and above ."
"as new studies continue to showcase vitamin d s potential benefits , more scientists are calling for increased recommendations ."
food
foods naturally rich in vitamin d are scarce .
seafood options top the list
"cod liver oil , salmon , mackerel and tuna ."
they also contain heart healthy omega fatty acids .
"milk is fortified with iu per ounce serving . some yogurts and cheeses also contain vitamin d , as do breakfast cereals and juices . cookinglight . com"
sunlight
"every time sunlight warms our skin , your body produces vitamin d ."
"however , sunlight is unreliable and several factors influence its ability to induce vitamin d production , including"
"the angle of the sun , the latitude in which you live , you skin pigmentation , age , and use of skin care products containing sun protection factor spf ."
source supplements
the key is buying the right type of supplement .
most multivitamins are fortified with the current ai for vitamin d
"tuxtla gutierrez , mexico cnn a donkey is doing time in southern mexico for assault and battery ."
"the animal was locked up at a local jail that usually holds people for public drunkenness and other disturbances after it bit and kicked two men near a ranch in chiapas state , police said monday ."
officer sinar gomez said the donkey will remain behind bars until its owner agrees to pay the men s medical bills .
"around here , if someone commits a crime , they are jailed , gomez said , no matter who they are ."
"the owner , mauro gutierrez , told the associated press he would try to reach a friendly arrangement to pay the men s bills , estimated at ."
"the victims said the donkey bit genaro vazquez , , in the chest on sunday and then kicked year old andres hernandez as he tried to come to the rescue , fracturing his ankle ."
"all of a sudden , the animal was on top of us like it was rabid , hernandez said ."
"chiapas police have thrown animals in the slammer before , including a bull that devoured corn crops and destroyed two wooden vending stands in march ."
"in , a dog was locked up for days after biting"
his owners were fined .
"the prices of homes sold in the first quarter of posted a record decline , according to a new report from the office of federal housing enterprise oversight ."
"initial claims for unemployment benefits fell last week , according to a u . s . labor department report issued thursday ."
"the number of people filing for state jobless benefits decreased by , to , in the week ended may , the report said ."
"the consensus estimate of economists surveyed by briefing . com was for a slight increase to , ."
"today s report is consoling for now , but you have to be wary , said robert brusca , chief economist at fact and opinion economics ."
"a newspaper reporter from baquba and a tv cameraman from baghdad have been killed , the latest journalist deaths in a country that has been called the world s deadliest nation for the press ."
"afaq tv said one of its cameramen , wisam ali odah , was killed by a u . s . sniper in the ubaidi section of new baghdad , in eastern baghdad ."
fighting there between u . s . troops and militants on wednesday led to what the interior ministry said were deaths .
the u . s . military said militants were among those killed .
an iraqi interior ministry official confirmed the killing and said the u . s . military opened fire randomly on people after a number of roadside bombs detonated .
coalition forces only engage hostile threats and take every precaution to protect innocent civilians .
"we have not confirmed that any iraqi civilians were killed as a result of this operation , the u . s . military said ."
a bomb attached to a guards cabin at the algerian embassy in western baghdad exploded wednesday night and wounded five guards .
"the interior ministry confirmed the incident , saying the strike occurred in the mansour neighborhood ."
"in , insurgents in iraq kidnapped and killed two algerian diplomats ."
an internet statement posted at that time in the name of al qaeda in iraq claimed the group killed those two .
iraq has been trying to persuade arab states to send ambassadors to baghdad and many of those embassies are in the mansour neighborhood .
a chinese policewoman is being hailed as a hero after taking it upon herself to breast feed several infants who lost their mothers or whose mothers couldn t feed them after china s devastating earthquake .
"officer jiang xiaojuan , , the mother of a month old boy , responded to the call of duty and the instincts of motherhood after the magnitude . quake struck on may . i am breast feeding , so i can feed babies ."
"i didn t think of it much , she said . it is a mother s reaction , and a basic duty as a police officer to help ."
"a colombian prosecutor called thursday for an investigation into people , including an american professor , for alleged ties to members of a leftist rebel group in colombia ."
he said three of the five colombians are lawmakers .
"the . magnitude quake injured , people , with another , missing , authorities said ."
"in the midst of the devastation , china s central government has announced it will allocate billion , or billion yuan , for the country s reconstruction fund , according to state media ."
"as iraqi security forces worked to restore peace in baghdad s sadr city , american soldiers killed well armed militants in a nearby neighborhood of the capital , the u . s . military said ."
"the special group criminals were killed in several incidents in the new baghdad section of eastern baghdad , the military said ."
"both sadr city and new baghdad are largely shiite , and fighting raged for weeks in sadr city between troops and militants until a recent peace deal took hold ."
"the death toll from a may earthquake in china has risen to , , government officials said thursday ."
"the government reported injuries to , people , with another , missing ."
fifty four people were sickened by toxic fumes at a hospital in southern japan wednesday when a man vomited after drinking pesticide to commit suicide .
an official with red cross hospital in kumamoto said the year old man later died while the people who were sickened were progressing favorably .
eleven of the people who were sickened were doctors
another were staffers at the hospital in the city of kumamoto .
"the liquid pesticide the man consumed was later identified as chloropicrin , which was used to produce tear gas during world war i and induces tears and vomiting ."
earl wesley berry was executed wednesday for abducting and killing a mississippi woman more than years ago in the nation s second execution since the u . s . supreme court ruled that lethal injection was constitutional .
"p . m . et at parchman prison , minutes after the injections began , said kent crocker , a communications officer for the state department of corrections ."
"before the supreme court s decision , no executions had taken place nationwide for seven months ."
"two suicide bombers died when their explosives laden truck detonated near a border crossing in northern gaza on tuesday morning , the israeli military said ."
"according to israel defense forces , no one was injured on the israeli side of the border , but a number of buildings sustained major damage near the erez crossing ."
"the truck blew up about feet meters from the border crossing terminal , which israeli soldiers man ."
israeli aircraft struck a car that also was involved in the attack .
"the car was used to pick up two other militants who had been riding in the truck , the israeli military said ."
"at least one of the bombers was a palestinian militant from islamic jihad , according to sources with the group ."
"islamic jihad and fatah claimed responsibility for the attack , the sources said ."
"both of the democratic presidential candidates were campaigning in florida wednesday , but for two very different reasons ."
"fresh from her win in kentucky , sen . hillary clinton will be pushing for the democratic national committee to seat the florida s delegates at the national convention ."
"the committee stripped the state of its delegates because its violated party rules by holding its primary on january , earlier than allowed ."
"sen . barack obama will be focused more on november as he campaigns in the state , which is expected to once again play a critical role as a swing state in the general election ."
"south korea president lee myung bak apologized to the nation thursday for failing to fully understand their concerns about mad cow disease , the south korean news agency , yonhap , reported ."
lee was responding to public protests after his government s decision last month to allow imports of u . s . beef .
"the government s efforts to listen to and understand public opinions have been insufficient , he said . i feel it is deeply regrettable ."
"secretary general ban ki moon on thursday arrived in myanmar , where he planned to push the country s ruling military junta to accept an outpouring of international aid for millions of cyclone victims ."
"myanmar s leaders have been slow to allow foreign aid in the country , and prevented foreign agencies from doing a needs assessment after the storm ."
"the government also insisted that any aid that came in be distributed by their soldiers and volunteers , which went against the policy of many agencies ."
ban plans to tour the devastated irrawaddy delta in southern myanmar on thursday .
"the coastline of the andaman sea was especially hard hit , and aid workers have reported that bodies still line the shore in some spots ."
"the u . n . leader said he will meet with senior gen . than shwe , leader of the junta that rules the country , also known as burma ."
"the chief security officer for iraq s transportation ministry was gunned down on an eastern baghdad highway wednesday , an official with iraq s interior ministry told cnn ."
"abdul karim muhsan was killed when at least four gunmen in two cars intercepted his vehicle on the mohammed al qasim highway in eastern baghdad at around p . m . and shot at him , using pistols with silencers , the official said ."
"meanwhile , four people were killed and others were wounded in two car bomb attacks in baghdad wednesday , the interior ministry official said ."
"surrounded by family members , sen . edward kennedy left a massachusetts hospital wednesday morning , a day after his doctors announced that he has a malignant brain tumor ."
kennedy waved to the crowd of reporters and onlookers and gave a thumbs up sign before getting into a car .
"the year old democrat was hospitalized saturday after suffering a seizure at his home in hyannisport , massachusetts ."
"three politicians viewed by pundits as possible running mates for republican presidential candidate john mccain will join the senator at his arizona home this weekend , but campaign officials said wednesday the gathering is purely social ."
"among the guests expected at the presumptive nominee s ranch in sedona are florida gov . charlie crist , louisiana gov . bobby jindal and former massachusetts gov . mitt romney , one of mccain s former rivals for the gop s presidential nomination ."
"but senior mccain adviser charlie black told cnn , he is definitely not interviewing anyone , and this weekend is not about that process ."
the house ethics committee voted wednesday to investigate rep .
the new york congressman who admitted to fathering a child out of wedlock with the woman who bailed him out of jail on a drunken driving charge this month .
"the committee will investigate fossella s arrest in alexandria , virginia , on may , when police say he was pulled over after running a red light and registered a blood alcohol level of . percent"
fossella has said he will not seek re election .
"a former colombian army soldier , who told authorities he had a grenade , was holding about people hostage wednesday at a government pension office in bogota , officials said ."
they said the man contended the amount of his pension was less than promised .
"the man , who identified himself as edgar paz morales , said he wanted to talk to an army general or a member of the media so he could read a statement , officials told cnn ."
"if that is done he would then give up the grenade , and free the office workers and customers being held hostage , they said he told them ."
the fed lowered its economic growth forecast for the year .
"at the same time , it raised its projections for inflation and unemployment ."
this created a difficult economic combination that made the fed s latest decision to cut rates a close call according to the minutes from last month s fed meeting .
"asian nations are beginning to focus on the reconstruction needs of myanmar , devastated by cyclone nargis in early may , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon said wednesday ."
"thailand has pledged to provide rice feed and farming equipment to its neighbor , and an international donors conference is scheduled sunday in yongon , myanmar , largely to discuss the country s future ."
"the dalai lama said wednesday he is happy to attend this summer s olympic games in beijing , china , if he is invited ."
the exiled tibetan spiritual leader was speaking to reporters during a day visit to britain that also includes a meeting with british prime minister gordon brown .
"former world number one lindsay davenport , as well as american compatriots meilen tu and meghann shaughnessy have pulled out of the french open , which starts on sunday ."
"davenport , and a mother since last june , said she had pulled out for personal reasons ."
"tu says she is insufficiently recovered from a hip complaint , while shaughnessy is suffering from a left knee injury ."
"the trio will be replaced in the women s draw by canadian aleksandra wozniak , taiwan s su wei hsieh and colombia s catalina castano ."
"meanwhile , argentine guillermo coria , the roland garros runner up , will replace injured andy roddick in the men s draw ."
"despite hillary clinton s landslide victory in kentucky , barack obama has won a majority of pledged delegates in the race for the democratic nomination ."
"clinton won kentucky by more than points , but obama s share of the state s delegates was enough put him over the threshold , according to cnn estimates ."
"obama is expected to pick up at least delegates in kentucky , and by cnn estimates , that will give him , of the , pledged delegates at stake in all of primaries and caucuses ."
"obama will also pick up a win in oregon , cnn projects , giving him the larger share of the state s delegates ."
"obama s top strategist , david axelrod , said getting the pledged delegate majority was an important milestone , but not the end of the trail ."
"neither candidate is expected to reach the , delegates needed to win the democratic nomination ."
that means the race is likely to be settled by superdelegates party leaders and officials who will cast votes at the democratic convention in august .
"speaking in iowa , where he won the first in the nation caucuses , obama told supporters , it was in this great state where we took the first steps of an unlikely journey to change america ."
"obama continued to look to the general election , focusing his attacks as he has for the past week on sen . john mccain , while commending clinton for her courage , her commitment and her perseverance ."
"this year s republican primary was a contest to see which candidate could out bush the other , and that is the contest john mccain won , he said ."
"egu village , ethiopia cnn a year of drought and soaring food prices has threatened the lives of tens of thousands of ethiopian children ."
"we have nothing to feed our children , said egu s village elder . we are losing our children day by day ."
"ethiopia s health ministry , along with unicef , monitors the health of thousands of children here , but the number of areas they have been able to regularly visit has been cut in half this year ."
"the small rains that normally allow ethiopian farmers to plant a second crop each year did not come this year , adding to an already critical food shortage ."
"it s an open crisis , and there are more people than we expected , than the government expected , who need additional food , said bjorn ljungqvist , head of unicef ethiopia ."
"there is a crucial shortfall in the supply of therapeutic foods used to treat children with severe acute malnutrition , the unicef official said ."
the un s children s agency is appealing for million to pay for emergency needs of more than million children under as well as pregnant and nursing mothers in drought affected districts .
"the world food programme supplies the emergency food for unicef , but rising food prices mean it could not guarantee aid for all the areas in need ."
"unless you get immediate assistance the risk is , you fall into severe malnutrition and eventually death , so unless our supporters come in immediately for this , we fear that is what is going to happen in the country , said jakob mikkelse , the program s nutrition and education chief ."
egu is a village unicef is no longer able to visit on a regular basis .
"if we were not here , those children who we had found now with severe acute malnutrition would have died at home , unicef emergency nutrition project officer samson dessie said ."
"unicef estimates that million ethiopian children under the age of are at risk and that more than , have only about a month to live ."
"tokyo , japan cnn hello kitty , japan s ubiquitous ambassador of cute , has built up an impressive resume over the years ."
"japan s tourism ministry on monday named hello kitty as its choice to represent the country in china and hong kong , two places where she is wildly popular among kids and young women ."
officials hope tapping into that fan base will lead to a bigger flow of tourists into japan and push the country closer to the goal of attracting million overseas visitors every year under the visit japan campaign .
"last year the number of foreign tourists traveling to japan hit a record high of . million , up percent since the government began the marketing effort in ."
"arrivals from china and hong kong , who accounted for . percent of visitors to japan last year , are poised this year to become the second largest group of tourists after south koreans ."
"at a press conference , sanrio co . president shintaro tsuji , whose company created the toy cat , called hello kitty s new appointment an honor and pledged the feline would work hard to attract many visitors ."
"japan s other goodwill tourism ambassadors include korean singer younha , japanese actress yoshino kimura and japanese pop rock duo puffy amiyumi ."
"designed in by sanrio , hello kitty first appeared on a plastic coin purse ."
"her image today has become one of the most powerful brands in the world , adorning some , products in countries ."
"hello kitty one of mascot obsessed japan s biggest hits as a toy character is often seen on lunch boxes , jewelry and many other accessories ."
"in china , kitty fever has already broken out ."
a multi million dollar musical featuring hello kitty opened earlier this year in beijing and is in the midst of a national tour .
"hello kitty s dream light fantasy is then scheduled to travel to malaysia , singapore and the united states over its three year run ."
the white house on tuesday dismissed an israeli media report that president bush intends to attack iran before his term ends in january .
"an article in today s jerusalem post about the president s position on iran that quotes unnamed sources quoting unnamed sources is not worth the paper it s written on , the white house said in a statement hours after the israeli newspaper published the report on its web site ."
the jerusalem post article cited an israeli army radio report quoting a senior official in jerusalem that a senior member of the president s entourage claimed bush and vice president dick cheney thought military action was called for against tehran .
"but secretary of state condoleezza rice and defense secretary robert gates were opposed , the official told army radio , according to the newspaper ."
"as the president has said , no president of the united states should ever take options off the table , but our preference and our actions for dealing with this matter remain through peaceful diplomatic means . nothing has changed in that regard , the statement said ."
state department spokesman sean mccormack also called the report nonsense .
"rice , gates and bush are all on the same page regarding iran , he said ."
mccormack said the three all support the efforts to find a diplomatic resolution to all the various issues involving iran in the international system .
"yangon , myanmar cnn as myanmar began a three day mourning period tuesday , the world bank reiterated that it cannot provide financial assistance or loans to the cyclone ravaged country because of unpaid debts ."
"basically the situation is the same as for the past decade , said spokesman peter stephens . myanmar has been in arrears since and legally we cannot lend to a country in arrears ."
the news came as farmers and aid groups warned of a future food crisis after the cyclone destroyed swathes of fertile rice growing land .
farmer u han nyunt told cnn shortages were likely because productive land and seeds had been ruined .
"we are all going to die here , nyunt said . but not because of the cyclone . we will die because we have no food ."
"however , there was cause for fresh hope monday after the military junta which rules myanmar decided to accept aid from its neighboring countries ."
it followed an emergency meeting in singapore of the countries that make up the association of southeast asian nations asean .
"in addition , the world bank said while it could not provide financial assistance , it had promised to assist asean with disaster assessment and relief work in the country ."
stephens said the world bank would assist asean by teaming up with officials who had experience in reconstruction efforts from the earthquake and tsunami in indonesia s banda aceh .
"the world bank s role normally only comes in later , during reconstruction anyway , stephens said . at this stage , the relief coordination is very much in the hands of the u . n . , led by asean ."
"the u . n . and asean monday announced a joint international pledging conference , to take place sunday in yangon , myanmar s main city ."
the asean assessment team would travel to myanmar on wednesday to gauge the impact of the disaster and the scope of aid needed .
"the same day , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon is expected to arrive in an attempt to accelerate relief efforts , a spokesman said ."
"in addition , asean countries committed to send medical personnel for a total of to help with the medical needs of the displaced population ."
its heat powers the solar system .
its light makes life on earth possible .
its gravitational pull keeps planets in orbit around it .
"the sun is , in every sense of the word , a superstar ."
"but despite its familiarity , there is a lot we don t know about it ."
"now , scientists are planning humanity s closest visit yet to our most familiar star ."
"the nasa solar probe , an unmanned spacecraft scheduled for launch in , will explore some of the burning questions scientists have about the sun ."
"the probe takes us to where space weather and , indeed , everything that directly affects life on earth , starts , said loren acton , research professor of physics at montana state university and member of the nasa team that produced the mission definition report ."
"the project , which costs around million , will be able to withstand inconceivably high temperatures up to , degrees fahrenheit ."
the probe is being developed at johns hopkins university s applied physics laboratory .
"new york cnn a new york city college student sued actress lindsay lohan , claiming the mean girls star took her mink coat without permission and kept it for more than two weeks ."
"maria markova says in a lawsuit filed monday that the year old lohan took the , golden sheared mink coat while in the nightclub oak on january ."
"the year old markova s lawyer , merrill cohen , says lohan had been sitting next to her client ."
cohen say markova next saw her coat on lohan in a photo in ok !
she says markova got the coat back on february .
"cohen says the lawsuit , filed in manhattan s state supreme court , asks unspecified damages ."
"lohan s lawyer , blair berk , said it would be inappropriate to comment on the case ."
sen . joseph lieberman is urging google inc . to take down youtube videos that he said al qaeda and other terrorist organizations use to encourage violence and disseminate propaganda .
"in a monday letter to eric schmidt , chief executive officer of google , lieberman asked that youtube implement its own policy against this offensive material , by removing the videos ."
"lieberman , the chairman of the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee , also wants youtube staffers to have a system that will prevent the video from reappearing ."
the letter follows the committee s staff report on terrorists internet use . read the report
youtube is a subsidiary of google inc .
"many of the videos produced by one of the production arms of al qaeda show attacks on u . s . forces in which american soldiers are injured and , in some cases , killed , wrote lieberman , an independent from connecticut ."
the community guidelines state that graphic or gratuitous violence is not allowed .
youtube said monday on its blog that it had removed a number of videos from its site after examining several videos that lieberman s staff said violated youtube s community guidelines .
"the videos that were removed depicted gratuitous violence , advocated violence , or used hate speech , youtube said ."
"the statement did not say how many videos were removed , and it was not immediately clear when they were taken down ."
"forum films , the israeli distributor of the soon to be released sex and the city movie , said advertising posters and billboards won t be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva because residents there don t want the word sex on display , said company spokesman arye barak ."
"the israeli company that is handling outdoor advertising for the movie asked to have the word sex removed from the posters because it would bother people in those cities , barak said ."
"ads for the movie , based on the popular tv series , were to go up elsewhere in israel on tuesday night , said an official at maximedia , the outdoor ad company ."
"alternative outdoor ads will not be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva , though the movie is heavily advertised on tv , the internet and in newspapers , barak said ."
the worldwide release of the movie is scheduled for may .
nor is this the first time that sex and the city has run afoul of israeli religious sensibilities .
"several years ago , a poster and billboard campaign showing star sarah jessica parker in a skimpy , sequined dress was quickly pulled and replaced with new ads of her in a dress that covered her arms , back and thigh ."
"vienna , austria cnn oil prices spiked to a new trading high tuesday , sweeping toward a barrel as supply concerns intensified the momentum buying that has lifted crude deeper into record territory ."
"the june contract for light , sweet crude traded as high as . on the new york mercantile exchange before settling back to . up . ."
this latest surge comes after opec s president was quoted as saying his organization will not increase its output before its next meeting on september .
"the contract reached a new closing high of . monday after algerian energy minister chakib khelil , president of the organization of petroleum exporting countries , was quoted by a government newspaper as saying it will not increase its output during the united states summer driving season , which begins this weekend ."
"concern about supply has recently become the primary driver of the market , replacing earlier worries about a weakening dollar , and not even saudi arabia s promise last week of an additional , barrels of crude a day could alleviate those new concerns ."
"despite that pledge from the world s leading oil producer and the u . s . move to temporarily stop filling government stockpiles , prices have shown no indication of stopping their record run ."
"sen . hillary clinton will win the democratic primary in kentucky by a wide margin , cnn projects ."
"with percent of precincts reporting , clinton was leading barack obama by percentage points ."
but polls leading up to the primary showed clinton with a commanding lead beating obama by about percentage points .
"according to exit polls in kentucky , clinton won among men , percent , and among women , percent ."
"she also beat obama across all age groups , income groups and education levels ."
"eighty nine percent of tuesday s voters in kentucky were white , according to the exit polls ."
"among them , clinton won percent ."
"nine percent of the voters were african american and they overwhelmingly broke for obama , percent ."
the exit polls from kentucky also suggest a deep division among democrats .
"two thirds of clinton s supporters there said they would vote republican or not vote at all rather than for obama , according to the polls ."
"forty one percent of clinton supporters said they d cast their vote for john mccain , the presumptive republican nominee , and percent said they would not vote at all ."
"just percent said they would back obama in the general election , according to the polls ."
"those numbers are even worse for obama than in west virginia one week ago , where percent of clinton voters said they would back him in the fall ."
the results come as obama is poised to take a majority of the pledged delegates after voters weigh in tuesday in kentucky and oregon .
"sen . edward kennedy s seizure saturday was caused by a malignant tumor in his brain , the hospital treating the massachusetts senator said tuesday ."
"kennedy , , was airlifted to massachusetts general hospital after suffering the seizure on saturday ."
"after a battery of tests , doctors determined that the incident was caused by the tumor ."
"preliminary results from a biopsy of the brain identified the cause of the seizure as a malignant glioma in the left parietal lobe , said the statement , from kennedy s doctors ."
many of the victims are zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances in their homeland .
evidence of the violence was seen in smoke rising from burned homes in one johannesburg neighborhood .
locals angry about the rising number of foreigners arriving in south africa had set homes ablaze .
firefighters said they had fought more than such blazes since thursday .
world number six andy roddick has withdrawn from the french open because of a right shoulder injury .
"the american , who lost in the first round at roland garros the last two years , retired from the semifinals of the rome masters on may ."
he then skipped the hamburg masters but had been expected to play this week at the world team cup in duesseldorf .
his brother john announced the withdrawal on monday at the world team cup .
he said that his brother had been hopeful of a good performance at the french open this year .
he s been playing well all year and he was excited to be playing on the clay and really had a good frame of mind in practice and in his matches .
roddick won his only grand slam title at the u . s . open .
"he has reached three other major finals , losing to roger federer twice at wimbledon and once at the u . s . open ."
"at the french open , roddick s best showing came in his debut in when he reached the third round ."
"he reached the second round in and , but has lost in the first round four times ."
the french open starts on sunday .
"a suicide bomber killed people on sunday after attacking a bakery on a pakistan army base near the northwestern city of peshawar , according to police and the pakistani military ."
"nineteen others were wounded in the suicide attack in mardan , in pakistan s north west frontier province , according to a pakistani military news release ."
"the bomber also died in the attack , which happened between p . m . and p . m . local time gmt , et , police said ."
the province is part of pakistan s tribal regions along the border with afghanistan .
"the new government , led by the party of the late premier benazir bhutto , has been trying to negotiate peace deals with tribal leaders in the region ."
"the latest attack was the deadliest in more than two months and could complicate the government s efforts , the associated press reported ."
"the talks have already been hampered by a suspected u . s . missile strike that left several dead in a nearby tribal area , ap said ."
"sydney , australia cnn australian authorities have started the controversial killing of about kangaroos on the outskirts of the capital canberra , animal rights activists said monday ."
"between to kangaroos were tranquilized and then killed with lethal injections by defense contractors , said angie stephenson , project manager of animal liberation new south wales ."
she said a baby kangaroo was trampled and killed when the animals were rounded up into a pen .
the defense department said last week it would begin killing the eastern gray kangaroos at the abandoned military site outside canberra after a proposal to truck them to remote forest land proved too costly .
"authorities say the overabundant kangaroos are crowding out other native species , but many animal rights activists are against the killing of australia s beloved national symbol ."
"stephenson said there were a handful of activists at the site monday to witness the killing , and that dozens more were expected to gather in the coming days ."
the issue has split australians over the merits of killing kangaroos to protect rare lizards and insects that share their grassy habitat .
"despite sen . barack obama s commanding lead in the delegate count , sen . hillary clinton campaigned hard sunday , telling voters she s running for the toughest job in the world ."
"clinton is favored in kentucky , while polls show obama with a comfortable lead in oregon ."
"clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race since she trails obama across all fronts pledged delegates , superdelegates and the popular vote ."
"clinton has recently been claiming a lead over obama in the popular vote , a debatable claim , especially because the democratic national committee doesn t count the votes of florida and michigan , which clinton does ."
"florida and michigan were stripped of their delegates for scheduling their primaries too early , and clinton was the only top tier candidate whose name was on the ballot in michigan ."
clinton s campaign also excludes the caucus states in their popular vote count .
"according to cnn s latest count , obama leads clinton in total delegates , to , ."
"a candidate needs , to clinch the democratic nomination ."
"clinton encouraged her kentucky supporters to vote in the upcoming primary , saying sunday , if we get everybody turned out , it s going to send a great message to our country that you don t stop democracy in its tracks ."
"meanwhile obama , who s been campaigning in oregon , focused his attacks on sen . john mccain , the presumptive republican nominee ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a top militant who once served as a general in the military under saddam hussein was arrested on monday , iraqi officials said ."
"abdul khaleq al sabawi , al qaeda in iraq s leader in the nineveh province city of mosul , was arrested in tikrit , according to iraq s interior ministry ."
the arrest is considered part of the mother of two springs offensive against al qaeda in iraq in mosul because nineveh officers carried out the raid .
"interior ministry spokesman , maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf said al sabawi is now being interrogated ."
"khalaf didn t elaborate on the operation , but said no shots were fired during the arrest ."
the mother of two springs operation focuses on militants in the mosul area .
iraqi government officials call mosul the last big urban stronghold for al qaeda in iraq .
"the operation has netted , detainees since the start of last week s crackdown , with of them being released , khalaf said ."
"he said the operation has been smooth , and no shots have been fired ."
"five roadside bombs were detonated against security forces without serious casualties since the offensive started , khalaf said ."
"last week , iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki announced an amnesty plan in nineveh for some militants ."
"the amnesty plan which began may and will be in effect for days applies to people who were duped and carried weapons against security forces , but whose hands are not covered in blood ."
those who have committed crimes against civilians do not qualify for the amnesty .
"wellington , new zealand cnn marine scientists surveying a large undersea mountain chain were amazed to find millions of tiny starfish swirling their arms to capture food in the undersea current ."
an expedition by scientists studied the geology and biology of eight macquarie ridge sea mounts .
"they are part of a string of underwater volcanoes dormant for millions of years that stretches , kilometers miles from south of new zealand toward antarctica ."
the scientists also investigated the world s biggest ocean current the antarctic circumpolar current amid expectations they would find evidence of climate change in the southern ocean .
"while the expedition s cameras found a high density of cardinal fish and huge coral , the vast collection of brittle stars was the highlight of the voyage ."
"i ve personally never seen anything like this all these animals , the sheer volume all waiting for food from the current , expedition member and marine biologist dr . mireille consalvey said monday . it challenged what we as scientists thought we knew ."
expedition leader and marine biologist ashley rowden said starfish usually only covered slopes away from the top of the undersea mountains .
"it was unique in that it hasn t been found on the tops of sea mounts before . . . and it was over a relatively large area of about square miles , he said ."
"it got us excited as soon as we saw it , rowden said of the site , dubbed brittle star city ."
"the starfish are about . inch across , with arms about inches long ."
the expedition began march and returned to port in new zealand s capital wellington on april .
"crowds gathered in the devastated city of chengdu shouted farewell , friends ! and rebuild !"
as china began three days of national mourning monday to honor the tens of thousands killed by last week s massive earthquake .
"the death toll in worst hit sichuan province , southwestern china , rose to at least , with another , people hurt , chinese government officials said monday ."
even rescue workers paused from the job of clearing debris and searching for survivors to mark the moment .
"in chengdu , the capital of sichuan , the three minutes was followed by shouts of support for the recovery effort , cnn correspondent eunice yoon said ."
"during the moment of silence they were all holding hands , some of them were weeping . . . they are in a state of utter disbelief and utter shock that so many people have died , said yoon ."
"meanwhile , at least rescue workers have been buried by mud slides during the past three days , a transport ministry official told the official xinhua state news agency ."
"earlier , xinhua reported that two women had been pulled alive from the rubble of a collapsed residential building in the sichuan county of beichuan ."
"the olympic torch relay was suspended during the mourning period , china s state run television announced ."
"the torch was going to be in the eastern cities of ningbo and jiaxing in zhejiang province on monday , then in shanghai on tuesday and wednesday ."
"johannesburg , south africa cnn south africa s police chief said monday that violence directed at foreign nationals had killed people over the past week ."
"the attacks have been concentrated in johannesburg s poorest areas , and many of the victims were zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances ."
the nelson mandela foundation issued a statement condemning the senseless violence that police say was sparked a week ago in johannesburg s alexandra township .
"we join the rest of south africa in deploring this violence , said achmat dangor , ceo of the nelson mandela foundation , according to a statement released on monday ."
"whatever the underlying causes they have to be addressed , but this senseless violence is not a solution ."
"police said those behind the attacks accused the foreigners of stealing jobs , carrying out criminal activities and benefiting from social services such as free housing meant to benefit south africans ."
"police arrested more than people during the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft ."
many have sought refuge at police stations .
some women have told police they were raped as part of an effort to drive the immigrants out .
south africa s police director govindsamy mariemuthoo said people had been killed in the past week .
"the red cross estimates some , more were displaced ."
"the attacks were concentrated in some of the poorest parts of south africa where locals are jobless , hungry and in need of basic services such as clean water , sanitation and housing ."
south african president thabo mbeki called for an investigation into the violence .
he has been reluctant to describe it as xenophobic because many south africans have criticized his government for not doing enough to deal with the crisis in neighboring zimbabwe .
"it s well past the kids bedtime , but no one is nagging the preschoolers and kindergartners to brush their teeth and go to sleep ."
"instead , they re dressed to the nines the girls , anyway in full princess regalia before heading to a poolside pirate party , complete with fireworks , to get up close and personal with goofy and all of his pirate friends aboard the disney wonder ."
"others are busy in the shipboard oceaneer club playing the latest video games , watching movies in seats designed to look like clam shells and climbing on the pirate ship play structure ."
all of this is after they ve seen a brand new broadway style show toy story
"the musical , featuring all of their favorite characters from the popular film and dined like royalty at dinner where the waiters not only knew their names but also performed magic tricks and were happy to get them anything they liked at no extra charge a side of salmon with your chicken fingers . . . no problem !"
"of course , vacationing with young children isn t always a vacation for parents ."
"just ask ethan and hannah s parents , mike and jayme sitzman ."
no one wants to get up to take a child to the bathroom three times before the main course is served !
"but the families that recently cruised aboard the wonder for three days agree that disney cruise line does all it can to ensure that the more than , kids onboard , percent of them seven and younger as well as the parents and grandparents have as stress free a getaway as possible ."
"they congregate at one of the three pools did i mention it is shaped like mickey mouse ears where there is a water play area just for toddlers , a water slide , an ice cream stand , another for fruit and yet another for chicken fingers , pizza and burgers most of the day and evening ."
"i m even relaxed watching the kids at the pool , laughs kalen walker , cruising with her and year olds . this really works ."
"it s the disney difference , says the ship s youth activities manager , shannon quinn , who oversees a multilingual staff of more than counselors , all of whom come aboard with substantial experience working with children ."
"the staff will also do all they can to provide one on one care when needed for special needs kids , she says , even logging their food allergies into the computer ."
cnn how do you know when you ve crossed from a rough patch into a burnout ?
"burnout creeps up and you don t know until you re in the midst of it , says dr . todd dewett , author of the book leadership redefined ."
"if you re not sure whether you re just having a bad day or are experiencing something worse , here are some signs that you re burning out , according to dewett"
your professional relationships don t matter anymore
the quality of your work isn t want it used to be
"recognizing that you re burned out is a good first step , but it won t mean much unless you take action to change the situation ."
"talk about it , both to yourself and to other people , dewett suggests ."
"when you share your newfound realization with the important people in your life , you make a strong commitment to doing something about it , he says ."
here are some other ways to beat burnout
figure out what new responsibility you are capable and willing to assume and ask that it be given to you .
"analyze each goal and figure out what skills you will gain , what new experiences you will have and whom you might meet ."
have a plan .
"create a list of skills you need to obtain , people you need to network with , financial items to take care of , and overall steps you need to take to get into a job or business that you are passionate about ."
if nintendo has their way your living room could be the new big thing in exercise .
"with its new game wii fit hitting stores monday , nintendo is looking to bring exercise into the home , making people more aware of their bodies and starting to create a comfortable , fun environment to get healthy ."
personal trainer and fitness expert robert dothard said making exercise available and enjoyable in your home means reaching an audience of people who often feel embarrassed walking in to a traditional gym .
if someone is not in good shape you know and they are in the public gym and they re not performing well it s an uncomfortable feeling .
"wii fit which retails for , comes with the game and a balance board which is used to calculate your body mass index , weight and measure shifts in your balance at the beginning of each session ."
"users then choose different workouts from the categories of strength training , aerobics , yoga and balance ."
"each area features different short workouts ranging from a minute to upwards of minutes including push ups and skiing , jogging and seeing how many times you can spin hula hoops ."
during each game an area is displayed on the screen to show where your core balance should be .
"it s one of the functions that dothard , who took the game for a test run , thinks is the most effective and important because it makes you aware of whether you reap the most benefits out of exercising ."
"ankara , turkey cnn a law extending a smoking ban in turkey to most enclosed areas including taxis , ferries and shopping malls came into effect monday in the nicotine addicted nation ."
"as of midnight , outdoor smoking was also banned in locations such as stadiums and playgrounds ."
"a ban on lighting up in bars , restaurants and coffeehouses will be implemented next year ."
smoking was already barred on buses and airplanes and in larger offices .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s islamic rooted government expanded the ban to most enclosed places as part of an attempt to reduce smoking rates in the country and the effects of second hand smoke .
"around percent of turks over the age of are smokers , consuming around million packs a day , according to yesilay , an organization devoted to fighting alcohol , drug and tobacco abuse ."
"the government says around , people die annually in turkey from smoking related ailments ."
"the law , passed by parliament in march , calls for a fine of turkish lira for people who light up in smoke free areas ."
but enforcing smoking bans has in the past been difficult and it is not unusual to see people lighting up next to no smoking signs in public places .
"taxi driver huseyin erdogan , who is not related to the prime minister , says he does not think the bans will help him get off cigarettes ."
"according to the world health organization , nearly two thirds of the world s smokers live in countries led by china and india and followed by indonesia , russia , the u . s . , japan , brazil , bangladesh , germany and turkey ."
"turkey is also among the world s main tobacco growers along with china , india , the u . s . and brazil , and one of the top exporters ."
several major cigarette producers blend turkish tobacco in their products .
"sen . john mccain monday faulted sen . barack obama for downplaying the threat from iran and again called the democratic front runner s judgment reckless , the latest jabs in a foreign policy fight that could continue to the general election ."
"obama s willingness to sit down with the iranian president demonstrates obama s lack of understanding of international relations , mccain said during a speech in chicago , illinois ."
"such a statement betrays the depth of senator obama s inexperience and reckless judgment , mccain said . those are very serious deficiencies for an american president to possess ."
"obama quickly responded during a speech in billings , montana , asking why the presumptive republican presidential nominee was afraid to talk to iran and that it was the bush mccain war policy in iraq , not diplomacy , that would make iran stronger ."
"make no mistake , iran is the single biggest beneficiary of a war in iraq that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination said ."
"thanks to george bush s policy , iran is the greatest threat to the united states and israel and the middle east for a generation . john mccain wants to double down on that failed policy ."
mccain said obama did not have an appropriate grasp of the danger iran poses to the u . s .
"senator obama claimed that the threat iran poses to our security is tiny compared to the threat once posed by the former soviet union , mccain said during a speech in chicago ."
"obviously , iran isn t a superpower and doesn t possess the military power the soviet union had , but that does not mean that the threat posed by iran is insignificant ."
"nelly avila moreno , , whose nom de guerre was karina , said she and her long time male companion made the decision jointly to abandon the farc group , based in the jungle , at a . m . sunday ."
"she said pressure from colombian soldiers had been key to their decision , and she called on her fellow rebels to follow her example ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"a u . s . navy s viking aircraft apparently inadvertently strayed into venezuelan airspace saturday night , u . s . officials confirmed monday ."
"tom casey , deputy state department spokesman , said the pilot recognized his error and contacted a venezuela tower to acknowledge that ."
"the aircraft had taken off from a base in curacao as part of joint interagency task force south , which conducts counterdrug operations in south america , a u . s . military official told cnn . the official declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak publicly about the event ."
"at a news conference in caracas , defense minister gustavo rangel briceno said venezuela believes that the united states military had intentionally breached venezuelan air space , adding that the u . s . ambassador will be summoned to the foreign ministry to explain the incident ."
"united nations secretary general ban ki moon is expected to visit cyclone struck myanmar this week in an attempt to accelerate relief efforts in the aftermath of the devastating storm , which may have killed more than , and affected . million others , the un said sunday ."
ban is scheduled to arrive wednesday for a three day visit .
"especially the irrawaddy delta in southern myanmar also known as burma , the un said in a release ."
"the whole purpose of the trip is to accelerate the pace of disaster relief , said ban spokeswoman michele montas ."
who arrived in myanmar sunday have been critical of the slow delivery of aid and humanitarian workers under myanmar s ruling military junta .
a senior rebel leader in colombia surrendered sunday the latest major blow for insurgents who have waged war against the colombian state for years .
"surrendered after commanding rebel soldiers with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc as the group is known by its spanish acronym , the colombian defense ministry said ."
"the colombian government blames moreno for the death of the father of president alvaro uribe , who took office in with a vow to crush the rebels ."
"the president sent a message to moreno about two weeks ago , officials said , promising that she would be safe if she turned herself in ."
"moreno commanded rebel troops in northwestern colombia , the government said ."
she turned herself in to authorities in the state of antioquia .
"cnn despite sen . barack obama s commanding lead in the delegate count , sen . hillary clinton campaigned hard sunday , telling voters she s running for the toughest job in the world ."
"clinton spent her weekend in kentucky , which , along with oregon , holds its democratic contest tuesday ."
"clinton is favored in kentucky , while polls show obama with a comfortable lead in oregon ."
"speaking in bowling green , the senator from new york said it was a treat to have the whole state to herself since obama would not be returning there ."
"clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race since she trails obama across all fronts pledged delegates , superdelegates and the popular vote ."
"clinton has recently been claiming a lead over obama in the popular vote , a debatable claim , especially because the democratic national committee doesn t count the votes of florida and michigan , which clinton does ."
"beijing , china cnn china announced sunday that it will suspend the olympic torch relay from monday until wednesday to observe a three day mourning period for victims of last week s earthquake , according to state run television ."
"the torch was going to be in zhejiang province , ningbo city and jiaxing city on may , then in shanghai on may ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide attacker detonated his explosives sunday in musa qala , killing himself and four civilians , the helmand province police chief said ."
"the attack happened at approximately p . m . local time in musa qala s main market , police chief mohammad hussain andewal said ."
"eight others were wounded in the attack , including five police and three civilians ."
two of the civilians were critically wounded the rest were not seriously hurt .
afghan troops backed by nato troops recaptured musa qala from taliban forces in december .
"baghdad , iraq cnn shiite militants and u . s . backed iraqi forces two sides that agreed to a cease fire last week fought overnight in sadr city , killing four people and wounding , interior ministry and hospital officials said sunday ."
a spokesman for radical cleric muqtada al sadr said the fighting does not mean an end to the newly negotiated peace agreement .
neither side agreed on what caused the fighting in the stronghold of al sadr s mehdi army militia .
"major gen . qassim atta , a baghdad security plan spokesman , said outlaw groups using various weapons attacked iraqi army checkpoints in the heart of sadr city , a densely populated shiite neighborhood in baghdad ."
"iraqi forces were the only shooters , al obeidi said ."
"cnn almost , acres of the everglades national park were burning sunday morning , fire officials said , the latest in a series of wildfires that have scorched parts of florida in may ."
"the fire , which threatened private property as well as an endangered bird , started friday , the the southern area interagency management blue team said ."
"the announcement comes two weeks after microsoft abruptly stopped its pursuit of yahoo , withdrawing a sweetened billion offer , saying it would not make a hostile bid for the internet company ."
"in response , yahoo issued a statement in the evening , saying the company is open to pursuing any transaction which is in the best interest of our stockholders , and that the company would be willing to evaluate alternative transactions , including any microsoft proposal ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber sunday struck a bakery on a pakistan army base near the northwestern city of peshawar , killing at least people , according to police ."
"another were wounded in the suicide attack in mardan , in pakistan s north west frontier province , a police official said ."
the province is part of pakistan s tribal regions along the border with afghanistan .
"the new government , led by the party of the late benazir bhutto , has been trying to negotiate peace deals with tribal leaders in the region"
says arab leaders sacrificed palestinians and calls on his followers once again to liberate palestine .
"even if all the leaders have sacrificed the palestinian issue in its entirety , we are not relieved of the responsibility . each one of us is responsible for the death of our people in gaza ."
the speaker also calls on egyptian militants to end the blockade on gaza
they are the only ones close to its borders and they must work on breaking this siege .
"the message seemed to be a follow up to a similar statement friday , in which the speaker reiterated jihadist opposition to the existence of the jewish state and its policies , and told listeners that liberating palestine should be the aim of every muslim ."
tests determined kennedy had not suffered a stroke .
"over the next couple of days , sen . kennedy will undergo further evaluation to determine the cause of the seizure , and a course of treatment will be determined at that time , said dr . larry ronan , kennedy s primary care"
"he added that kennedy was resting comfortably , and watching the red sox game with his family ."
cnn foreseeing the future is a tricky business .
"why , for instance , should hollywood moguls have paid much attention when the usb standard emerged in the mid s ?"
"it simply made hooking computers to keyboards , printers and joysticks easier ."
nothing could seem further from their glitzy world .
how times change .
"now usb ports are to be found in portable video players and , inch plasma hdtvs ."
"and they accept flash memory devices , which have undergone a revolution in storage capacity storing a dozen movies is not a problem ."
"so in retrospect it was only a matter of time before entrepreneurs tried out this idea public kiosks that allow consumers to download movies directly onto a usb memory device , to be watched later on their portable video players , computers , or tvs ."
"today an irish startup called portomedia has tested the idea in some home markets , and a few u . s . trial cities are to be announced shortly ."
"business is being lined up in plus countries , it says , and the service works equally well in tokyo or small town india ."
"its moviepoint kiosk allows customers to download dvd quality films in about seconds onto its moviekey , a usb memory device that costs between and , depending on the storage capacity from to movies ."
"the films are burned onto the moviekey with the relevant license at the point of purchase , using microsoft drm digital rights management ."
consumers have several options on the licensing front .
"the movie expires hours from hitting play , or you can play it three times within days , or it never expires in which case you ve purchased it ."
now hollywood is paying attention .
"a number of major studios have agreed to let their movies be rented through moviepoint kiosks , and investors in the startup include some big name film execs ."
"sharm el sheikh , egypt cnn president bush sunday called on the leaders of middle east nations to build on the momentum of the hopeful beginnings of democracy in the region that he said were exemplified by turkey , egypt , afghanistan , and iraq ."
"we have seen the stirrings of reform from morocco and algeria to jordan and the gulf states , bush told the world economic forum on the middle east ."
"bush spoke in the egyptian resort city of sharm el sheikh on the final day of his middle east trip , which he began in israel on wednesday ."
"beijing , china cnn china on monday began three days of national mourning as the death toll from last week s devastating earthquake mounted and rescue workers continued to search for survivors among the rubble ."
"the national flag was lowered to half mast at a . m . at beijing s tian anmen square as , people watched the ceremony , state run media reported ."
"another , were wounded in the major quake , the xinhua news agency said ."
"but amid the bleak toll , survival stories emerged . rescuers pulled at least people alive from debris ."
"dominican republic president leonel fernandez , who led the island nation out of dire economic times , was re elected to a third term on saturday , according to election results ."
"fernandez took nearly percent of the vote in a multi party race , avoiding a runoff ."
"his main rival , center leftist candidate miguel vargas , took roughly percent of the vote and said he accepted the results shortly after fernandez declared victory ."
"in an exclusive interview with cnn en espanol , fernandez called on opposition members to work with him to continue efforts that have turned the dominican republic into one of the fastest growing economies in the caribbean ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"two weeks after cyclone nargis devastated myanmar , the country s reclusive junta leader than shwe visited a refugee camp outside yangon , according to video broadcast on state television ."
paris cnn divers trained in archaeology discovered a marble bust of an aging caesar in the rhone river that france s culture ministry said tuesday could be the oldest known .
the life sized bust showing the roman ruler with wrinkles and hollows in his face is tentatively dated to b . c . divers uncovered the caesar bust and a collection of other finds in the rhone near the town of arles founded by caesar .
"among other items in the treasure trove of ancient objects is a . meter . foot marble statue of neptune , dated to the first decade of the third century after christ ."
"some of the discoveries are unique in europe , culture minister christine albanel said ."
the bust of caesar is in a class by itself .
"this marble bust of the founder of the roman city of arles constitutes the most ancient representation known today of caesar , the ministry statement said , adding that it undoubtedly dates to the creation of arles in b . c ."
"the site has barely been skimmed , l hour told the associated press , adding that a new search operation will begin this"
"he said the arles region , in the provence region of southern france , with its roman beginnings , and the rhone are propitious for discoveries ."
albanel called the find exceptional and said that the caesar bust is the oldest representation known today of the emperor .
"breast cancer patients with low levels of vitamin d were much more likely to die of the disease or have it spread than patients getting enough of the nutrient , a study found adding to evidence the sunshine vitamin has anti cancer benefits ."
the results are sure to renew arguments about whether a little more sunshine is a good thing .
the skin makes vitamin d from ultraviolet light .
"too much sunlight can raise the risk of skin cancer , but small amounts minutes or so a few times a week without sunscreen may be beneficial , many doctors believe ."
"while the vitamin is found in certain foods and supplements , most don t contain the best form , d , and have only a modest effect on blood levels of the nutrient . that s what matters , the canadian study found ."
only percent of women in the study had sufficient blood levels of d at the time they their breast cancer was diagnosed .
"those who were deficient were nearly twice as likely to have their cancer recur or spread over the next years , and percent more likely to die of the disease ."
it s the first time that vitamin d has been linked to breast cancer progression .
"but people shouldn t start downing supplements , she warned ."
"experts don t agree on how much vitamin d people need or the best way to get it , and too much can be harmful ."
they also don t know whether getting more vitamin d can help when someone already has cancer .
"we have no idea whether correcting a vitamin d deficiency will in any way alter these outcomes , said dr . julie gralow , a cancer specialist at the university of washington in seattle ."
"indiana jones doesn t give up his secrets lightly , and neither does the man pulling his strings ."
"director steven spielberg has tried to keep chapter four of the archaeologist s big screen adventures , indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , under wraps as tight as an ancient mummy s ."
"the stealth approach has whipped up a frenzy of expectation and doubts about the movie s quality as he prepares to unveil it in front of the world s toughest audience , critics at the cannes film festival ."
"the film premieres here sunday , just four days before it opens in theaters worldwide ."
"he is the only one in the world who keeps his cards face down on the table until the th hour , th minute , th second , and nothing deters him from doing that , said jeffrey katzenberg , spielberg s partner at dreamworks ."
"revealing their cards at cannes , with its notoriously snooty press corps , is a critical risk for spielberg , executive producer george lucas and star harrison ford ."
"hollywood trade paper variety quipped that indiana jones was entering the kingdom of the critical knives , and reporters have joked that cannes might prove a new temple of doom for indy ."
"two years ago , the first press screening of the da vinci code drew open laughter from cannes critics , whose harsh reviews spoiled the film s premiere a day later and set the stage for a worldwide critical drubbing ."
sen . barack obama slammed president bush on friday for launching exactly the kind of appalling attack that s divided our country and that alienates us from the world .
"he also accused sen . john mccain for embracing the president s attacks on democrats , and suggesting that i wasn t fit to protect this nation that i love ."
"so much for civility , obama said at a town hall meeting in watertown , noting that mccain had talked about the need for civility in politics earlier thursday ."
obama was responding to bush s remarks in israel on thursday that some want to appease the terrorists .
white house officials denied obama was a target of bush s remarks .
"but privately , white house aides indicated the criticism was aimed at various democrats , including obama and former president jimmy carter ."
"in speaking at an event marking the th anniversary of the founding of the jewish state , bush said , some seem to believe that we should negotiate with the terrorists and radicals , as if some ingenious argument will persuade them they have been wrong all along ."
we have heard this foolish delusion before .
"democrats , including obama s rival for the nomination , sen . hillary clinton , condemned the president ."
"after almost eight years , i did not think i could be surprised about anything that george bush says , but i was wrong , obama said ."
"that is launch a political attack targeted toward the domestic market in front of a foreign delegation , he said ."
shania twain and husband producer robert mutt lange are splitting up after years of marriage .
the year old canadian country superstar and year old lange married in and have a year old son named eja .
"lange and twain , best known for her hits man !"
"i feel like a woman ! and you re still the one , recently opened a hiking trail on their property in new zealand ."
lange produced three of twain s albums
"s the woman in me , s come on over and s up !"
"president hu jintao arrived in southwestern china on friday to observe the country s devastated earthquake zone , state run media reported ."
"as frantic search and rescue efforts entered a fifth day , the official death toll hovered around , ."
"providing some hope in the midst of horror , rescuers pulled a student from the debris of beichuan middle school , hours after the quake collapsed the building , china s xinhua news agency reported ."
"rescuers said they could hear weak yell for help from under the building s rubble and are expecting more miracles , according to state run media ."
"hu flew to mianyang in the hard hit sichuan province , which has become"
thousands of people who were uprooted around the region have taken shelter at the city s main sports gym and other facilities .
"reports say , people have died and , are trapped in debris in the city ."
"xinhua reported , chinese troops and medics are involved in the rescue effort now in counties and cities ."
"rescuers from russia , south korea and singapore were expected to arrive soon ."
"saudi arabia , the united kingdom , germany , vietnam and poland were among the countries providing humanitarian assistance , according to xinhua ."
"the magnitude . earthquake rocked southwestern china on monday afternoon , shattering communities , leveling dozens of schools and burying transportation routes with landslides ."
"more than . million homes collapsed or sustained damage because of the quake , according to the chinese embassy in washington ."
"cnn al qaeda leader osama bin laden will address the west in a new message , according to a banner ad from the group s production wing posted on islamist web sites known to carry messages from al qaeda and bin laden ."
"to the western nations , soon , god willing , a new speech by the lion of islam sheikh osama bin laden , the reasons of the struggle in the th anniversary of the israeli occupation , the banner reads ."
it was not known whether the message would be audio or video or when it might be posted .
"in the past , messages were available from an hour to two days after the initial posting ."
"bin laden s last message came march , when in an audiotape he called iraq the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine ."
"in an audiotape released the previous day , bin laden condemned european countries for siding with the united states in afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to islam s prophet , mohammed ."
"athens , greece cnn a nine year old girl who went to hospital suffering from stomach pains was found to be carrying her embryonic twin , doctors in central greece said thursday ."
"they could see on the right side that her belly was swollen , but they couldn t suspect that this tumor would hide an embryo , hospital director iakovos brouskelis said ."
"the girl has made a full recovery , he said ."
"andreas markou , head of the hospital s pediatric department , said the embryo was a formed fetus with a head , hair and eyes , but no brain or umbilical cord ."
"markou said cases where one of a set of twins absorbs the other in the womb occur in one of , live births ."
"the girl s family did not want to be identified , hospital officials said ."
"lilongwe , malawi cnn madonna will not know until next week whether a malawian boy she found in an orphanage in will become a permanent member of her family , her lawyer said thursday ."
lawyer alan chinula had expected the judge to rule on the adoption thursday but said the hearing was delayed after a malawian human rights group presented arguments on shortcomings in the southern african nation s adoption laws .
chinula said the group was not challenging the adoption and he expected it to be approved next week .
"the pop star and her husband , film director guy ritchie , were not present at thursday s hearing in the malawian capital ."
"chief social welfare officer simon chisale , the official overseeing the adoption , paid the ritchies two home visits , writing in a report that madonna was a perfect mum for david ."
local human rights activists have accused the government of bending malawi s strict adoption laws because of madonna s celebrity status .
david s mother died when he was just a month old .
"his father has said he believed he could not care for him alone , and that placing him in an orphanage was the best way to ensure david s survival ."
the father has said he did not object to madonna adopting david .
madonna found david while establishing charity projects in malawi .
she is currently funding her own and six other orphanages in the country .
"for years , barbara s gut told her she needed to get a new doctor for her daughter , and for years , she didn t listen , even as her daughter got sicker and sicker ."
the doctor had diagnosed irritable bowel syndrome when barbara s daughter was .
"day after day , year after year , she had bloody diarrhea ."
"at age , weighing just pounds at feet tall , her daughter became so sick and malnourished she ended up in the hospital ."
"barbara s intuition told her the doctor wasn t giving her daughter the right treatment , but she just couldn t tell him ."
"it was like my tongue was bolted to my bottom mouth , and i couldn t get the words out . i didn t want to offend him ."
"i was paralyzed , said barbara , a high ranking university administrator ."
"but in this situation , it was like i had a different personality . i felt like i d reverted to childhood , she added ."
"research on women s interaction with doctors is limited , but a number of women s health experts say they had noticed trends among female patients that didn t see as frequently in men ."
"feeling paralyzed and voiceless in the doctor s office is one of the major health care mistakes women make , says dr . christiane northrup , author of women s bodies , women s wisdom ."
"here , from northrup and other women s health specialists , are five mistakes women make at the doctor s office ."
. women don t question doctors
"being at a doctor s office often puts the patient in the position of child and the doctor in a position of parent , northrup said ."
northrup s solution always take someone with you who will ask the questions you are afraid to ask .
. women tend to over research
"according to the pew internet project , women are more likely to look up health information on the internet ."
"in a telephone survey , percent of women said they d looked up information about a specific disease or condition , compared with percent of men ."
"although doing your own research is a good thing , dr . pamela peeke says her female patients are more likely to become overwhelmed by what they read ."
"women are much more likely to come in with hundreds of pages of internet printouts under their arms , and they ve become convinced they have all sorts of diseases , she said ."
. women don t recognize gender bias
several studies have shown that women s medical problems are more likely to be interpreted as emotional issues or complaining .
", advised dr . nieca goldberg , author of women are not small men . you don t want to go to a doctor who says , now , honey , it s not all that bad ."
. women interpret their own symptoms
"instead of just giving the doctor the facts , women sometimes also offer their own interpretations , which can put their own health at risk ."
"for example , she s seen women who are having heart attacks tell the doctor that they think it s just indigestion ."
"this could be dangerous if you re in the er having a heart attack , goldberg says . you don t want to lead the doctor down the wrong path ."
"goldberg s advice just state the facts , and let the doctor do the interpreting ."
there ll be time for questions afterwards if you think the doctor s diagnosis is wrong .
.
"this is what happened to barbara , who asked that her last name not be used for fear of retribution from other doctors in her small town ."
she says her gut told her that her daughter s doctor didn t have the right diagnosis .
"when she and her daughter finally found a new doctor , he said her daughter didn t have irritable bowel syndrome at all she had ulcerative colitis ."
"there are literally hundreds of situations in which a woman s gut intuition is spot on , but she talks herself out of it so as not to make waves , northrup said . we women are suckers for wanting to be loved ."
"london , england cnn a surge in violent knife crimes has prompted london police to introduce a new program that will rely on mobile , airport style scanners and hand held metal detectors for use against people suspected of carrying concealed weapons ."
"the new program , called blunt , started this week in one borough and should be in place in all london boroughs within the next few months , said a metropolitan police spokesman , who asked not to be identified in line with police rules ."
"the scanners have been in use by police for several years , but many more have been purchased and they will now be used much more aggressively under a law that gives police the right to search people without having to demonstrate beforehand that there is reasonable"
"cause to believe they are committing a crime , the spokesman said ."
"we ve put it in under section of the public order act , which is slightly more in your face , the spokesman said . we can give officers on the ground the powers to go ahead and do it ."
we ve got metal detector wands and search arches that can be used .
"if there s a problem , we can place them outside a row of shops or a shopping center and check people going in ."
he declined to name the borough where the program started .
"london s reputation as a generally safe city has been rocked this year by a marked increase in stabbings , with more than reported in the capital so far this year ."
parents are waiting at schools destroyed by the devastating chinese earthquake hoping their children will be pulled from the debris but hope is fading .
there are scattered success stories around sichuan province but as time goes on they will be fewer .
"the government estimated death toll rose thursday to around , but could eventually top , , xinhua reported ."
"in beichuan , parents of middle school students waited , hoping recovery teams would pull their children alive from the rubble of a middle school but search teams thursday could only recover bodies ."
"there are teenagers wearing jeans and gym shoes and their bodies are twisted , cnn s john vause said , reporting from just outside the school . the expression on one girl s face was just pain she was dead ."
similar scenes were unfolding across a vast expanse of southwestern china .
"the . magnitude earthquake hit monday afternoon , when thousands of children were in class ."
chinese authorities have confirmed that at least several hundred children died in schools in one town alone and an untold number have perished in schools elsewhere .
"anyone buried in an earthquake can survive without water and food for three days , said gu linsheng , a researcher with tsinghua university s emergency management research center told the associated press . after that , it s usually a miracle for anyone to survive ."
premier wen jiabao has ordered extra soldiers and medics and more helicopters for rescue missions in sichuan province .
some international assistance is being allowed in the quake s aftermath .
"lagos , nigeria cnn flames from a ruptured fuel pipeline swept through homes and a school in a nigerian village thursday , killing about people and injuring others , a red cross official said ."
"road construction machinery pierced a pipe carrying refined fuel through a village on the distant outskirts of the main city of lagos , spreading flames into the surrounding area , nigerian red cross disaster coordinator suleman maikubi said ."
"many children fled the school before it was completely engulfed in fire , and red cross officials were working to reunite children with parents who rushed to the scene ."
maikubi said it was unclear how many children were among the roughly people killed .
"about people were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment , but fire control teams were on the scene and bringing the blaze under control , he said ."
pipeline fires are common in nigeria .
"more than people died in two similar pipeline explosions in lagos in , and at least died in december ."
"authorities frequently blame the disasters on criminal gangs who break into the pipelines to siphon fuel for sale , attracting crowds of people who come in their wake to scavenge for fuel ."
billionaire investor carl icahn is setting out to oust yahoo inc . s board of directors for irresponsible and unconscionable actions that led microsoft corp . to withdraw a . billion offer to buy the slumping internet pioneer .
"in a letter sent thursday to yahoo chairman roy bostock , icahn wrote that outraged yahoo shareholders had urged him to lead a campaign to replace yahoo s directors at the company s july annual meeting in hopes of bringing microsoft back to the bargaining table ."
"i believe that a combination between microsoft and yahoo is by far the most sensible path for both companies , icahn wrote ."
"cuban used part of that windfall to buy the dallas mavericks , an national basketball association franchise that he still owns ."
yang is one of yahoo s directors and has been trying to engineer a turnaround since taking the job of ceo months ago .
"he withdrew the bid may after yang and filo , acting on behalf of the yahoo board , held out for per share a price that yahoo s stock hasn t reached in more than two years ."
yahoo shares rose cents to . in morning trading thursday .
"yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s junta warned thursday that legal action would be taken against people who trade or hoard international aid as the cyclone s death toll soared above , ."
"it was the first acknowledgment by the military government , albeit indirectly , of problems with relief operations in the aftermath of cyclone nargis ."
the warning came amid reports that foreign aid was being sold openly in markets and that the military was pilfering and diverting aid for its own use .
the ruling junta has been blasted by aid agencies for refusing to allow most foreign experts into the hard hit irrawaddy delta and not responding adequately to what they say is a spiraling crisis .
relief workers also reported that some storm survivors were being given spoiled or poor quality food rather than nutrition rich
"new york based human rights watch said in a statement wednesday that it had confirmed an associated press report that the military had seized high energy biscuits that came from abroad and instead distributed low quality , locally produced biscuits to survivors ."
thursday s radio announcement obliquely denied the military was misappropriating aid .
"the government has systematically accepted donations and has distributed the relief goods immediately and directly to the victims , it said ."
"elisabeth byrs , spokeswoman for the u . n . office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs , said aid workers who visited all the major markets in yangon found no evidence of hoarding or sale of relief goods ."
international federation of red cross and red crescent societies spokesman matthew cochrane said the organization also had not received any such reports .
"democrats on thursday condemned president bush s insinuation that they would be appeasing terrorist states by holding talks , with one going so far as to call his remarks bulls t ."
"joe biden , the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , said that if the president disagrees so strongly with the idea of talking to iran , then he needs to fire his secretaries of state and defense , both of whom biden said have pushed to sit down with the iranians ."
"this is malarkey . this is outrageous . outrageous for the president of the united states to go to a foreign country , sit in the knesset . . . and make this kind of ridiculous statement , he said ."
he s the guy who s weakened us . he s the guy that s increased the number of terrorists in the world . his policies have produced this vulnerability the united states has .
biden later told wolf blitzer on the situation room thursday that he didn t mean to use a curse word .
"i shouldn t have used that word . i came off the elevator and was confronted with what had happened , and i responded ."
"the president , at israel s th anniversary celebration in jerusalem , suggested that some democrats were acting in the same way some western leaders did when they appeased hitler in the runup to world war ii ."
"cnn the video is hard to turn away from . a sobbing year old sits in her bedroom and , staring into a camera , says she has been raped ."
"i didn t want to do it this way , but it s the only way i know that s going to work , that someone out there in the world is gonna listen to me ."
"the teen , whom cnn interviewed but is not identifying by her last name , is among dozens of young people who are turning to social networking sites like facebook and myspace to talk about sexual assault ."
it s a chance to communicate without having to face someone or fear their judgment .
"some people are seeking legal advice and medical information , and many younger victims believe that they can warn others about their accused attacker , counselors say ."
"there also are people like crystal , whose case was dropped by the orange county , florida , state attorney s office , who feel slighted by the justice system ."
most young women feel like they want somebody to know that someone did this to them .
advocates worry that victims are divulging too much information .
"the postings include their names , photographs and hometowns ."
but crystal is probably one of the few who have gone so far as to post a plea for help on youtube .
"because anything posted on the web is available forever through an internet search , a rape survivor must consider how they would feel if that information were dredged up in the future , counselors said ."
"by making themselves or their ip address available , victims open themselves to unreliable and unprofessional advice and the harsh judgment of their peers ."
"hillary clinton s decisive win in west virginia caused john edwards to throw his support to barack obama , the illinois senator s aides said ."
"edwards was concerned that the clinton storyline that obama can t win white , working class voters was becoming too damaging to obama and the party , aides said ."
obama had been courting edwards for four months .
"since edwards abandoned his presidential bid in january , he and obama have talked regularly , obama said ."
"as late as monday , edwards told cnn s larry king that he wasn t prepared to make an endorsement ."
"what i don t want to do is contribute to the divide , he said . at least for this moment , i think the reasonable thing for me to do is let voters make their decision ."
"but clinton s crushing win in west virginia on tuesday highlighted obama s weakness with working class white voters , a segment of the electorate that may prove pivotal in november ."
"among white voters without a college degree , clinton defeated obama by percentage points ."
"among white voters making less than , a year , clinton s margin of victory was more than percentage points ."
"the reason i m here tonight is because the democratic voters have made their choice , and so have i , edwards told a boisterous crowd in grand rapids , michigan , on wednesday ."
"there is one man who knows in his heart that it is time to create one america , not two , and that man is barack obama . edwards also praised clinton s candidacy ."
"in a preview of the political onslaught michelle obama may face in the fall , the tennessee republican party unveiled a new web video thursday that highlights her controversial comment earlier this year saying she was proud of america for the first time in my adult life ."
the four minute video coincides with a visit to the state by democratic presidential candidate barack obama s wife for a democratic party event thursday evening .
it features several tennesseans saying why they are proud of american while repeatedly cutting to mrs . obama s comments . the tennessee republican party has always been proud of america .
"to further honor the occasion of mrs . obama s visit , the tennessee republican party has requested the playing of patriotic music by radio stations across the state , said a statement on the party s web site that accompanied the video ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
venezuelan president hugo chavez dismissed as a clown show the interpol report thursday declaring that computers found in ecuador by the colombian military belonged to leftist rebels .
"in a news conference with international news media held at the presidential palace in caracas , chavez called interpol s secretary general , ronald noble , a gringo policeman and a tremendous actor ."
"colombian president alvaro uribe has said the computers contain evidence that chavez supported the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc ."
chavez accused him of having no shame .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"world number one justine henin is quitting professional tennis with immediate effect , she told a press conference in belgium on wednesday ."
it is a new beginning for me . i feel like i already lived three lives .
"i gave the sport all i could and took everything it could give me , she added ."
i take this decision without the least bit of regrets .
it is my life as a woman that starts now .
"henin , who is on june , has headed the official wta rankings for consecutive weeks ."
she has won seven grand slams and was due to defend her french open title later this month .
"henin was the dominant player in the women s game last year , winning of tournaments , including two grand grand slams and became the first player in history to win more than million in a season ."
she has won all the grand slams except wimbledon and took olympic gold in athens in .
justine was a great opponent . she always challenged herself to play her best tennis no matter what the circumstances .
"while exit polls from the west virginia primary seemed to suggest the party is deeply divided between barack obama and hillary clinton , a new poll out wednesday suggests either candidate would easily beat republican john mccain in the fall ."
"according to a new quinnipiac university poll , both democratic candidates beat mccain by a gap well outside the margin of error ."
the poll carries a margin of error of plus or minus . points and was conducted from may .
"clinton and obama s relatively strong standing against mccain in the poll appear to dispel notions that democratic party may be unable to come together around one candidate in the fall , even as west virginia exit polls reported majorities of both candidates supporters would not support the other candidate in the general election ."
barack obama has personally apologized to a michigan television reporter for referring to her as sweetie as she tried to ask a question .
"the comment came earlier wednesday when wxyz reporter peggy agar asked obama at a campaign stop , how are you going to help the american auto workers ?"
"obama told agar to hold on , sweetie , and said he would address that issue with her later ."
"according to wxyz , obama personally left a voice message for agar wednesday afternoon , apologizing for both not answering the question and for calling her sweetie ."
"that s a bad habit of mine , obama said in the message . i do it sometimes with all kinds of people ."
obama also took some heat in pennsylvania last month for referring to a factory worker as sweetie .
"angelina jolie is indeed expecting twins , and it was jack black who let the news slip with a brady bunch crack ."
"long rumored to have two children by brad pitt on the way , jolie confirmed the news during a side by side today show interview with black , her kung fu panda co star ."
the twins will be the fifth and sixth children for jolie and pitt .
"she didn t volunteer the information until black dropped the hint , joking that the couple will have as many as the brady bunch when you have these ."
it s confirmed ? asked today interviewer natalie morales .
"yeah , yeah , we ve confirmed that already , jolie said . well , jack s just confirmed it actually ."
"excerpts of the interview will air tonight on access hollywood , with the full interview airing thursday on nbc s today ."
"beijing , china cnn the death toll in china s outbreak of hand foot mouth disease has risen to children , with the capital beijing reporting its first case wednesday , state media said ."
"the child died on the way to a hospital sunday , health authorities told the xinhua news agency ."
"another child died of the virus at a beijing hospital , but that death was counted in the child s home province of hebei , which neighbors beijing , the news agency said ."
"so far , the virus has sickened , children on the chinese mainland , authorities said . all people who died have been children ."
"the deaths are blamed on enterovirus , or ev , one of the most common causes of hand foot mouth disease hfmd ."
the official count of infections has increased dramatically in recent days since an order issued late last week by the ministry of health mandating that all cases be reported .
"hfmd is not related to foot and mouth disease , which affects farm animals ."
"hfmd can be caused by a number of intestinal viruses , of which ev and coxsackie a are among the most common ."
"in mild cases , ev causes cold like symptoms , diarrhea , and sores on the hands , feet and mouth ."
"severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio like paralysis and death ."
there is no treatment for severe ev infections nor does a vaccine exist .
"adults with well developed immune systems can usually fend off the virus , but children are particularly vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention ."
"public health officials expect the number of cases to peak this summer , since the disease thrives in warm weather ."
the virus is a concern for chinese officials as the nation prepares to host the summer olympic games starting august .
"taiwan had a large outbreak of hfmd in with deaths , and smaller outbreaks in and , according to the cdc ."
washington cnn a ruling on whether california should legalize same sex marriage is expected thursday from the state s supreme court .
"the decision will be announced about p . m . et , according to the court s web site ."
"several gay and lesbian couples , along with the city of san francisco and gay rights groups , had sued to overturn state laws allowing only marriages between a man and a woman ."
"if the state justices rule in favor of the plaintiffs , california would become the second state to allow same sex couples to legally wed . massachusetts adopted the practice in , and gay couples don t need to be state residents to wed there ."
five other jurisdictions around the world have legalized same sex marriage
"belgium , the netherlands and the canadian provinces of british columbia , ontario and quebec ."
"san francisco officials in allowed gay couples in the city to wed , prompting a flood of applicants crowding the city hall clerk s office ."
"the first couple to wed then was year old phyllis lyon and year old dorothy martin , lovers for years ."
"we have a right just like anyone else to get married to the person we want to get married to , lyon said at the time ."
one issue before the justices is whether san francisco s laws carried legal weight when the rest of the state banned gay marriages .
"the state law in question is the defense of marriage act , proposition ."
"oral arguments in the case in march lasted more than three hours , a sign of the political and legal issues at stake ."
groups saying they were promoting a pro family agenda had vowed to fight a statewide law on same sex marriage .
"london , england cnn british police will take no legal action against grammy award winning singer amy winehouse , who was arrested last week for drug offenses , her spokeswoman said thursday ."
"they have now concluded their enquiries and no charges will be brought , according to a statement from her publicist , tracey miller ."
"she was questioned by police last wednesday , arrested for alleged possession of a controlled drug , and released on unconditional bail a day later ."
"winehouse , , is well known for her song rehab , which describes the singer s reluctance to enter a clinic ."
she won five grammy awards this year three for rehab as well as album of the year and best new artist .
winehouse has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic in january .
police started investigating her in january after obtaining a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti anxiety drug valium .
"the sun , britain s top daily tabloid , made the minute video public ."
it said the video was shot in winehouse s east london home .
the metropolitan police investigated after receiving a copy of the video from the sun .
winehouse entered rehab last year .
"in october , she and her husband , blake fielder civil , were arrested at a norwegian hotel for marijuana possession ."
last wednesday s arrest was the second time in a week winehouse was questioned by police .
police brought her in the previous friday and issued her with a caution for assault after winehouse admitted slapping a man in a camden bar in north london .
"baghdad , iraq cnn at least people were killed and wounded in a suicide bombing wednesday evening in abu ghraib , iraq , an interior ministry official said ."
the bomber detonated his explosives at a gathering of mourners in the predominantly sunni city about miles west of baghdad .
police in the nearby city of falluja said the gathering was for the principal of a technical school in the village of abu minasir in abu ghraib .
the principal was shot dead monday .
"the principal s cousin is a senior police officer in falluja , and his brother is a leading member of the sons of iraq or awakening , a movement of anti al qaeda sunni groups in the area ."
police and awakening members have been a target for al qaeda in iraq .
"in a separate incident , a female suicide bomber attacked an iraqi army checkpoint south of baghdad and killed two iraqi soldiers wednesday , an interior ministry official said ."
"the official said the bomber detonated an explosive vest , killing an iraqi commander and a soldier ."
the u . s . military also confirmed the incident and said the attacker appeared to be in her late teens .
the interior ministry said four people were wounded .
"but in announcing the listing , secretary of the interior dirk kempthorne said the decision should not be misused to regulate global climate change ."
"but it should not open the door to use of the endangered species act to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from automobiles , power plants , and other sources , said kempthorne ."
"while there are an estimated , to , polar bears now in the arctic , scientists from the u . s . geological survey predict two thirds of the world s polar bears will disappear in the next years because of a decline in arctic sea ice ."
controversy over the status of the polar bear is tied to the fact that this is the first time a species has been considered for listing specifically because its habitat is threatened by global warming .
"some environmental groups are wary of some of the climate change caveats to the decision , saying it weakens protection for the animals ."
"this decision is a watershed event because it has forced the bush administration to acknowledge global warming s brutal impacts , said kassie siegel , climate program director at the center for biological diversity ."
"the administration s attempts to reduce protection to the polar bear from greenhouse gas emissions are illegal and won t hold up in court , said siegel ."
"cnn an austrian man has confessed to killing five members of his family with an ax , vienna police said wednesday ."
"the man walked into a vienna police station in the early hours of wednesday morning and told authorities he had killed his wife and seven year old daughter early tuesday , police spokesman michael braunsperger said ."
"the man , a self employed public relations consultant according to the associated press , said he had also murdered both his parents and his father in law in the cities of ansfelden and linz , respectively , the spokesman said ."
"police then found the five victims , who had all been killed with an ax , braunsperger said ."
the man said his motive was financial difficulties .
"he said he d been speculating on the financial markets and had lost everything , so he . . . wanted to spare his family the shame , braunsperger said ."
"he is completely matter of fact . . . almost without emotion , criminal investigator thomas stecher told a news conference , ap reported ."
"the case is likely to unnerve austrians on the heels of a highly publicized incest case in amstetten , outside vienna ."
"josef fritzl , , confessed last month to holding his daughter captive in a cellar below the family home for years , repeatedly raping her , and fathering seven children with her ."
one of the babies died .
"fritzl told his wife their daughter had run away , and he and his wife adopted three of the children ."
"hillary clinton on wednesday reiterated her vow to stay in the democratic presidential race , but she said it would be a terrible mistake for her supporters to vote for john mccain over barack obama ."
"anybody who has ever voted for me or voted for barack has much more in common in terms of what we want to see happen in our country and in the world with the other than they do with john mccain , clinton said on cnn s the situation room ."
"i m going to work my heart out for whoever our nominee is . obviously , i m still hoping to be that nominee , but i m going to do everything i can to make sure that anyone who supported me . . . understands what a grave error it would be not to vote for sen . obama ."
clinton was responding to a question from a cnn ireporter who asked why she thought so many of her supporters would choose mccain over obama . watch the question
exit polls out of west virginia indicate that only percent of clinton s supporters would vote for obama if he were the nominee .
a bare majority of obama s voters said they would vote for clinton over mccain .
"just as sen . clinton herself has questioned obama s qualifications to be president and enact change , so do many of her supporters . the biggest mistake would be to raise taxes and prematurely withdraw from iraq like clinton and obama have proposed , he said ."
"clinton trounced obama on tuesday , carrying west virginia by a point margin ."
"because she trails him in pledged delegates , in superdelegates and in the popular vote , she s faced calls to drop out of the race ."
"london , england cnn britain s ministry of defense has released files on ufo sightings dating back to the s , including witness accounts and the government s response ."
the ministry on wednesday released the files as part of a four year project to transfer all of the ufo documents to the national archives to make them available to curious members of the public .
"the documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern england and wales up to northern ireland . the files released wednesday cover to ."
"the rest , dating from the s and covering recent history , will be released over the coming years ."
"reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky ."
"witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond shaped , square , or cigar shaped ."
"they reported them to police , who have a standard question form specifically for ufo sightings ."
"in one sighting in january , a man near cardiff , wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky ."
"he said it moved up and down like a bouncing ball , then disappeared behind a mountain ."
"two other police officers in edgware , north london , reported seeing an object in the sky in june ."
"they viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights ."
"the object moved erratically from side to side , up and down and to and fro , not venturing far from its original position , the officers wrote ."
the ministry of defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated british airspace .
"once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further ."
"the ministry of defense has no other interest or role regarding ufo matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life forms , it said wednesday ."
"the earthquake that struck china s sichuan province this week , killing thousands of people , caused an estimated billion in damage most of it uncovered by insurance , a catastrophic risk modeling firm said wednesday ."
"and given the precarious state of the u . s . economy , aid agencies say the ability of americans to help the chinese people recover and rebuild may be limited ."
"china s xinhua news agency reported wednesday that the death toll from the quake which measured . on the richter scale had risen to , ."
"an unofficial tally of deaths in individual communities as reported by the news agency over several days puts the toll at , , with thousands more said to be trapped or missing ."
"though the risk modeling firm , air worldwide , cautioned that there is a high level of uncertainty in insured loss estimates in china , they believe only billion of that of the total assessment is in insured damage ."
"by contrast , the tornadoes that swept through the middle part of the united states last week caused in excess of billion in insurance claims , and the bill for s hurricane katrina was about billion ."
"that billion is a very low claim imagine if only of america had home insurance , said robert hunter , the director of insurance for the consumer federation of america ."
the problem is most foreign countries don t have insurance .
"air , which estimates the total property value in the area is about billion , said the insurance market is still developing in china ."
"that s why aig aig , fortune is so interested in moving into china , said hunter . as the middle class grows , there will be increased demand ."
"former democratic presidential candidate john edwards will endorse sen . barack obama at a wednesday evening rally in michigan , obama s campaign said ."
"edwards dropped out of the democratic race in late january after poor showings in the early contests , in which he racked up just delegates to the party s august nominating convention in denver ."
"he told nbc last week that obama , the current democratic front runner , is the party s likely nominee ."
"both obama and the other remaining democrat , sen . hillary clinton , had sought edwards blessing ."
"edwards said last week that it was fine for clinton to continue making her case , but expressed concern that a continued campaign could damage the party s prospects in november ."
edwards served a single senate term from north carolina and was the democratic vice presidential candidate in .
"as mudslides , debris and fallen rocks blocked rescuers and aid workers from china s quake hit areas , premier wen jiabao on thursday ordered more helicopters for rescue missions in sichuan province , state run media reported ."
"since the . magnitude quake struck monday , china has dispatched choppers for dropping food and water , transporting the injured and delivering rescuers , xinhua reported ."
"rescuers continued their attempts to save those trapped beneath the rubble at schools , businesses and homes ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
veteran striker henrik larsson is making a surprise return to the international arena after being named in sweden s squad for the european championship finals .
"the year old larsson retired from the national team after the world cup , but has kept playing for helsingborg in the swedish league and led his team with six goals in this season s uefa cup ."
i think football is extremely exciting and i love playing football .
i wasn t counting on playing football this long and above all that i would be doing this well .
it will be larsson s sixth major championship he was a substitute for sweden in the world cup and his experience could be needed on a team that has been plagued by injuries to key players .
oil prices are holding steady in asia after falling back from an overnight trading record near a barrel hit on concerns iran may consider cutting oil production .
"light , sweet crude for june delivery dropped cents to . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange by midmorning wednesday in singapore ."
oil prices hit a trading record of . a barrel tuesday before falling back to settle at . .
analysts said traders reacted quickly overnight to the news that iran s government was considering cutting crude oil production .
"jim ritterbusch , president of energy consultancy ritterbusch and associates in galena , illinois , said traders were reacting to news reports that iran s government is considering cutting crude oil production ."
"in later news reports , iranian officials denied that production cuts were imminent , but said a reduction has been discussed ."
sen . hillary clinton used her big win in west virginia on tuesday to make her case that she has a better chance of beating the republicans in the general election .
"i am more determined than ever to carry on this campaign , she told supporters in charleston , west virginia . i am in this race because i believe i am the strongest candidate ."
i can lead this party to victory in the general election if you lead me to victory now .
"with half of the results in , clinton was ahead of sen . barack obama by a margin of more than ."
"clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race because she trails obama in delegates won , states won and the popular vote this primary season ."
"clinton also now trails obama when it comes to the support of superdelegates , and her campaign is million in the red ."
"howard wolfson , clinton s communication director , said the new york senator is in until the very end ."
"in an e mail to supporters , the clinton campaign called west virginia a tremendous victory ."
it s clear that the pundits declaring this race over have it all wrong . the voters in west virginia spoke loud and clear they want this contest to go on .
clinton s win won t do much to cut into obama s lead
"west virginia had just delegates at stake , and those will be awarded proportionately ."
"delhi , india cnn india is on high alert after a series of near simultaneous explosions killed at least people and wounded others in a top tourist spot , government and local officials told cnn ibn ."
"bicycles and rickshaws were strewn about the streets , with pools of blood nearby , in the northwestern city of jaipur ."
"motorcycles , pieces of which were found at nearly every bomb site , appear to have been used in the attacks , said rajasthan home minister gulab chand kataria ."
"there was no immediate claim of responsibility , but indian government officials including minister of state for home affairs shriprakash jaiswal were quick to label it a terrorist attack ."
"the eight explosions started at about p . m . gmt and detonated within minutes of each other , police said ."
"the bombs exploded within about meters . mile of each other in jaipur s old city , which is frequented by tourists ."
"an ninth bomb was defused , according to h . g . raghavendra , a jaipur city official . he described all the bombs as medium intensity ."
"there is no reason to panic , he told cnn ibn . everything is under control ."
"one blast struck near hanuman temple , which was crowded with hindus worshipping hanuman , the religion s monkey god ."
another struck near a market area inside jaipur s walled city where tourists and locals frequent restaurants and shops .
"many of the casualties were taken to sms hospital , the largest government hospital in jaipur ."
people gathered outside the hospital to hear news about friends and relatives
the hospital issued an urgent appeal for blood donations .
"the state of rajasthan , where jaipur is located , was placed on alert , local officials said ."
delhi police officials said they too were on high alert after the blasts and were receiving regular updates from jaipur on developments in the investigation .
"the deputy chief minister for the state of maharashtra , r . r . patil , said the entire state was also on high alert ."
mumbai is in the state of maharashtra .
"holyhead , wales cnn a man who dressed up as darth vader , wearing a black garbage bag for a cape , and assaulted the founders of britain s first jedi church was given a suspended sentence tuesday ."
"arwel wynne hughes , , attacked jedi church founder barney jones a . k . a . master jonba hehol with a metal crutch , hitting him on the head , prosecutors told holyhead magistrates court ."
"he also whacked jones year old cousin , michael jones or master mormi hehol bruising his thigh , in the march incident ."
"unfortunately for hughes , the incident was recorded on a video camera that the cousins had set up to film themselves in a light saber battle ."
darth vader !
hughes shouted as he approached .
"hughes claimed he couldn t remember the incident , having drunk the best part of a liter two and half gallon box of wine beforehand ."
"he knows his behavior was wrong and didn t want it to happen but he has no recollection of it , said hughes lawyer , frances jones ."
district judge andrew shaw sentenced hughes to two months in jail but suspended the sentence for one year .
"barney jones , his brother daniel and cousin michael set up the church of jediism , anglesey order , last year ."
it claims about members .
jedi is the faith followed by some of the central characters in the star wars films .
"in the united kingdom census , , people . percent of the population listed jedi as their religion ."
"cnn china s giant pandas are believed to be safe after monday s earthquake , but concern is growing over how they will get their next meals ."
"authorities confirmed tuesday that captive animals in two of china s major panda reserves were alive , according to xinhua , china s official news agency ."
"the wolong giant panda reserve center in southwest sichuan province is home to about giant pandas , who were reported safe tuesday ."
"staff and critters at neighboring chengdu panda breeding and research center were also reported safe , according to a spokesperson for the atlanta zoo , which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve ."
"the mountainous , densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the , giant pandas living in the wild , making it an obvious location for research bases like wolong and chengdu ."
"giant pandas roam the forest in open cages that are meant to provide them with a safe , natural environment that will prepare them for release ."
"with the safety of the pandas confirmed , the animals caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases , which contain breeding facilities and triage centers ."
"bamboo , the pandas primary source of food , is a major agricultural product in the region , but whether it can be supplied to the pandas despite infrastructure damage is open to question ."
zobor said the wwf had confirmed the safety of staff members based in beijing but had not received word on the conditions in wolong .
david wildt with the smithsonian s national zoological park in washington says scientists in wolong have overcome threats to the giant panda population before .
"thanks to a collaborative effort with american scientists , the wolong staff was able to reverse the trend ."
"because of their efforts , the population is on the rise today ."
wildt said that chinese scientists have also addressed the issue of alternative food sources .
"they re not a complete substitute , but they meet the needs of a basic high fiber diet , said wildt , who has worked with two pandas that the smithsonian has on loan from wolong ."
"right now , we re mostly concerned about the staff . if the staff is fine , then the animals will be fine , wildt said ."
"rounding up a lot of the usual suspects , the cannes film festival presents a lineup from an illustrious if somewhat predictable gang of regulars , including clint eastwood , steven soderbergh , woody allen , atom egoyan and wim wenders ."
"then there s steven spielberg who s not quite a newcomer , since he s been at cannes before ."
"the new indiana jones flick opens worldwide may , four days after its cannes premiere , giving the movie a similar global rollout that preceded blockbuster e . t ."
"this is the same kind of movie in that cannes is kind of the perfect launching pad , because we can bring the whole world there , said frank marshall , producer on the indiana jones movies ."
it s perfectly timed for our release worldwide .
"in its st year , the world s most prestigious film festival sometimes catches heat for including too many glossy hollywood productions , such as past opening night film the da vinci code or action spectacles such as matrix reloaded and x men the last stand ."
"while this year s festival , which opens wednesday , also includes the cute and cuddly animated comedy kung fu panda , featuring the voices of jack black , angelina jolie and dustin hoffman , the rest of the schedule is mostly serious cinema , much of it from past cannes luminaries ."
"eastwood returns with changeling , a child abduction drama starring jolie , while soderbergh is showing che , his two part epic on revolutionary che guevara , featuring benicio del toro ."
"wenders offers palermo shooting , a thriller about a photographer pursued by a mysterious gunman , and egoyan presents adoration , centered on a youth who reinvents himself in cyberspace ."
"london , england cnn a picture of an overweight woman lying naked on a couch , painted by the british artist lucian freud , is expected to set a record for any work by a living artist when it goes up for auction tuesday night ."
christie s auction house in new york expects the life size portrait to sell for between million and million .
"christie s calls it a bold and imposing example of the stark power of lucian freud s realism , depicting the forceful and undeniable physical presence of people and things ."
"tilley , now , told cnn she was initially embarrassed to pose naked for the artist but they soon grew comfortable in the studio so comfortable , in fact , that she confessed to falling asleep while posing ."
the painting challenges modern notions of beauty and elicits a reaction from everyone who sees it .
"that may have been precisely the aim of freud , who told london s tate gallery in that he wanted his paintings to astonish , disturb , seduce , convince ."
"freud , , has been described as britain s greatest living realist painter ."
he is the grandson of psychoanalyst sigmund freud and came to london from germany when he was a child .
"with tilley , freud said he was very aware of all kinds of spectacular things to do with her size , like amazing craters and things one s never seen before , according to the interview with the tate ."
"he added , i have perhaps a predilection towards people of unusual or strange proportions , which i don t want to over indulge ."
freud painted the portrait of tilley over nine months in .
"tilley said she posed for eight hours a day , two or three days a week ."
"she had been introduced to the artist through a mutual friend , australian performance artist leigh bowery , who also posed for freud ."
"it was bowery s idea for tilley to pose for freud , so he arranged a meeting ."
tilley still works full time at the job center in london s west end and calls her new found fame a bit bizarre .
she laughs as she describes how she now has to arrange her schedule to accommodate media interviews .
"fashion designers are giving new life to worthless candy wrappers , newspapers and plastic bags turning trash into trendy tote bags , purses and jewelry ."
"from post consumer and industrial waste comes durable , funky accessories reportedly worn by celebrities such as lindsay lohan , cameron diaz and petra nemcova ."
"one self described eco fashion label , ecoist , has partnered with coca cola , luna bar and aveda to create handbags made from misprinted and discontinued packaging ."
"we tap into that source of waste because it is reliable , and unfortunately , it s abundant , ecoist co founder jonathan marcoschamer said . we believe that for the next few years , there s going to be a significant amount ."
"how about . billion tons of waste ? that s how much american companies toss each year , according to the u . s . environmental protection agency ."
"during the past four years , ecoist said , it has sold more than , accessories created by its designers in peru and miami , florida ."
the bags some of them one of a kind are priced from about for smaller versions to about for larger ones .
"for now , we re an immediate solution for many of these companies to utilize waste for something that s creative and promotes environmental awareness , marcoschamer said . ecoist isn t alone ."
rootphi and timbuk scrambled to identify and remove the offending bags from its limited collection of prototypes .
"perry klebahn , timbuk s ceo , acknowledges that target wasn t technically wrong . the onus was on us to talk to target and get them to say ok , in this particular case , to grant us a license ."
what s great here is that no two bags are the same .
"atlanta , georgia cnn maggie o connor minces garlic for a mexican lasagna while across the kitchen melissa thornton chops basil for a turkey wrap ."
they re and year old girls getting a lesson in cooking and healthy eating .
they re also learning how to have a positive image of their bodies .
"i think you need to balance things , said thornton , a fourth grader from atlanta , georgia ."
"not only is her mother peeking over melissa s shoulder as she works , but so is clinical psychologist dina zeckhausen , founder of the eating disorders information network ."
she gathered eight moms and their daughters on a recent sunday afternoon at the cook s warehouse in atlanta .
"zeckhausen s goal is to help the mothers be effective role models , especially when it comes to eating ."
they want to raise healthy daughters . they don t want to pass their own anxieties down to their girls .
the national eating disorders association notes there has been unprecedented growth of eating disorders in the past two decades .
the group estimates up to million americans suffer from the condition .
ninety percent of those who battle anorexia and bulimia are female .
zeckhausen urged the moms gathered in the kitchen to eliminate what she called negative body talk .
"it s important that you don t put yourself down in front of your daughter , explained zeckhausen . she has an adult woman s body in her future and she s looking to you in terms of how to feel about that body . she s taking notes whether you know it or not ."
"the death toll from monday s . magnitude earthquake in central china exceeded , tuesday , as soldiers apparently working without equipment used their hands to move rubble and reach victims at the epicenter ."
sichuan provincial military commander xia guofu led more than soldiers and disaster workers into the epicenter of the quake wenchuan county in sichuan province on tuesday .
"the soldiers estimated , people of the town s population of , survived the quake ."
"they also reported more than percent of the roads in the town were damaged , and almost all bridges had collapsed ."
"on monday , rescuers were stranded outside wenchuan because of roads blocked by boulders and rocks ."
"they pulled more than , people from under debris but did not say how many were survivors , according to the disaster relief headquarters of the chengdu military area command ."
"on the way to wenchuan , a reporter for china s official xinhua news agency said he encountered five men who escaped the disaster ."
"tan bin , , a resident in the shuimo township of wenchuan , said they had walked more than miles kilometers from wenchuan ."
"when the quake happened , we couldn t stand straight , and we held each other s hands and ran out of our factory , he said ."
"a senior official with the sichuan provincial government said tuesday the death toll was still rising , xinhua reported ."
"he said another , people were injured and as many as . million homes were destroyed ."
"more than , people were trapped under rubble , most of them , in mianyang city , about miles northeast of the epicenter , according to xinhua ."
"cnn myanmar s government seems unaware of the scope of the death and destruction cyclone nargis wrought on the country more than a week ago , a u . s . military commander said tuesday ."
"timothy keating , head of the u . s . pacific command , was on the first of three u . s . aid flights allowed into myanmar this week ."
he described meeting with a myanmar three star general who opened up a map of the country and pointed to the areas worst hit by the cyclone .
"he said people are coming back to their villages , they re planting their crops for the summer season , the monsoon will come and wash all the saltwater out of the ponds ."
"the united nations estimates that between , and , people died as a result of cyclone nargis ."
the united states has pledged . million in aid to the country .
"the two u . s . aid flights that arrived tuesday carried water , blankets , plastic sheets , mosquito nets and other relief supplies , the u . s . military said ."
"together with a third flight that arrived in myanmar , formerly known as burma , on monday , the planes carried , pounds of supplies ."
"keating said he offered myanmar the assistance of thousands of u . s . sailors and marines , plus u . s . military aircraft ."
"we will have to discuss them with the prime minister , and we will get back to you when we have a decision , he said . it may be days it may be longer ."
"the cyclone hit myanmar on the night of may , but junta leaders have been reluctant to allow foreign aid workers into the country ."
"the delay has caused concern among aid agencies and foreign governments and sparked unusually strong remarks from u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , who blasted the junta s unacceptably slow response ."
"the u . n . said the world food program was getting in only percent of the food needed because of logistical problems and government restrictions , the associated press reported tuesday ."
"there is obviously still a lot of frustration that this aid effort hasn t picked up pace , spokesman richard horsey told ap ."
there was also concern tuesday about the quality of relief supplies reaching storm victims .
"care australia staff have found rotting rice being distributed to people in the worst hit irrawaddy delta , its director in myanmar , brian agland , told ap ."
"i have a small sample in my pocket , and it s some of the poorest quality rice we ve seen , he said . it s affected by saltwater , and it s very old ."
a former yangon resident now living in thailand told ap that angry government officials told him that high energy biscuits rushed into myanmar on the world food program s first flights were sent to a military warehouse .
"sen . hillary clinton will win west virginia s democratic primary by a wide margin , cnn projects ."
"as polls closed on tuesday , it was too early to tell exactly how big the margin of victory was ."
her campaign is hoping a big win will raise doubts about barack obama s electability in the general election .
"clinton trails obama in delegates won , states won and the popular vote this primary season ."
"clinton also now trails obama when it comes to the support of superdelegates , and her campaign is million in the red ."
clinton s win won t do much to cut into obama s lead west virginia had just delegates at stake . those delegates will be awarded proportionately .
"clinton has continued to tout her electability , saying she s the stronger candidate to go up against sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee , in november ."
"i m winning catholic voters and hispanic voters and blue collar workers and seniors , the kind of people that sen . mccain will be fighting for in the general election , clinton said ."
bill clinton won west virginia in and . george w . bush took the state in and .
exit polls in west virginia suggest a strong division among democrats .
"almost as many of clinton s west virginia supporters would vote for mccain as would for obama , the polls show ."
"if obama were the democratic nominee , percent of clinton supporters would vote for him in the fall , the polls found ."
but percent said they d cast their vote for mccain instead .
"a bare majority of his west virginia supporters percent said they would back clinton in the fall , but percent said they d vote for mccain ."
"sen . john mccain took his weeklong environmental tour to washington state tuesday , addressing the need for reducing the nation s dependency on foreign oil and sparking investment in environmentally friendly technology ."
"the presumptive republican presidential candidate spoke at an environmental roundtable at cedar river watershed education center in north bend , washington ."
"along with california , colorado , new mexico , nevada and oregon where voters count the environment as a top issue ."
mccain said tuesday that coming up with new forms of clean energy is a national security issue when we re dependent on more than billion a year in imported oil from countries that don t like us very much . some of that money is helping terrorist organizations .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"rescuers struggled to reach some of the hardest hit areas of southwestern china on tuesday after a massive earthquake that left a death toll well above , ."
"rescuers found at least dead in the chinese district at the epicenter of the magnitude . earthquake tuesday , while heavy rain , collapsed bridges and damaged roads complicated efforts to get troops and aid workers to the worst hit towns ."
"the monday afternoon quake s epicenter was in the county of wenchuan , sichuan province , about , km miles southwest of beijing ."
"during a visit to a school in shifang , where more than children were trapped beneath rubble , chinese premier wen jiabao promised that saving lives was a top priority ."
inter milan midfielder maniche is the surprise absentee from luiz felipe scolari s man portugal squad for euro .
"the year old former porto , chelsea and atletico madrid player has made appearances for his country and played a central role in portugal s run to the euro final and the world cup semifinals ."
"however , he has mostly been on the bench at inter since moving from spain four months ago ."
"scolari appears to lack options in attack , selecting benfica s nuno gomes , who has scored just one league goal in the past five months , as well as helder postiga of panathinaikos who has won caps and last played for portugal nine months ago ."
"werder bremen s hugo almeida , the third striker , also has just caps and last featured in august ."
"however , portugal s strength lies in midfield with cristiano ronaldo , nani , ricardo quaresmo and deco among others ."
"portugal will meet turkey , the czech republic and switzerland in group a ."
"airbus on tuesday announced new delays on deliveries of the superjumbo a this year and next , saying it needs more time and resources to get the planes ready ."
"the european aircraft maker said in a statement tuesday that it will deliver planes in instead of , and planes in instead of ."
it said deliveries for will be discussed with customers in the coming weeks .
"the a , the world s biggest passenger plane , was plagued by production delays that repeatedly pushed back the delivery of the first jet to singapore airlines last year ."
airbus said it will take more time to determine the financial impact of the revised delivery schedule and the extent of additional costs .
"airbus , which is owned by european aeronautic defence space co . , has delivered four a s to singapore airlines so far , and more are in various stages of production ."
"south korean officials said monday they have killed all poultry in seoul , the capital , to curb the spread of bird flu following a new outbreak of the disease in the city ."
"quarantine officials destroyed , chickens , ducks , pheasants and turkeys raised in farms , restaurants , schools and homes in the capital , said kim yoon kyu , a seoul metropolitan government official ."
the seoul government said the slaughter was necessary to contain the disease .
"the slaughter began sunday night , hours after authorities confirmed seoul s second outbreak of bird flu in less than a week ."
"the slaughter did not affect parrots , parakeets and canaries because they have little chance of spreading the disease , kim said ."
"on monday night , government tests confirmed the latest outbreak in seoul was caused by the deadly h n virus , said yoon young ku , a spokesman at the agriculture ministry ."
"the tests also confirmed two additional outbreaks of the virus in busan , bringing to the total number of outbreaks in south korea , he said ."
cnn old fashioned american bakeries are popping up everywhere on the body conscious west coast .
the place
"an unexpected perk along a lonely stretch of warehouses in culver city , bluebird caf eacute"
", with its shaded patio and turquoise window frames reminiscent of a friendly caf eacute"
"in mexico , is as welcoming as its menu is comforting ."
"crayola bright cupcakes and lunches of tuna melts , meatloaf sandwiches and chicken salad tempt a crowd from nearby studios and production houses ."
"can t decide between blue , red , orange , green , white or chocolate frosting ?"
the goods
"only four flavors of cake vanilla , chocolate , coconut and red velvet and catch as catch can specials like pumpkin , banana and lemon ."
"as caterers whose repertoire has long included cupcakes , chef bill dertouzo and partner susan mcalindon of dainties cupcakes were well positioned to ride the retro wave ."
the cupcakes come in striped boxes with inner rings to hold them securely .
you can even get a box for one .
"but unless it s a gift , a single rarely makes it out the door ."
"mcalindon says customers love the boxes but usually just ask for a napkin , peel away the paper on the spot and bite into what dertouzo calls their own little package of love and joy ."
the goods
chocolate ganache dipped devil s food cupcakes injected and topped with delicately and variously flavored whipped cream .
"el fasher , sudan cnn sudan sought support monday from the u . n . security council in its escalating conflict with chad , which shut down the border and shut off trade between the two countries earlier in the day ."
"sudan cut diplomatic ties sunday , accusing its western neighbor of helping train rebels who attacked a suburb of khartoum , sudan s capital , over the weekend ."
"abdalmahmood abdalhaleem mohamed , sudan s ambassador to the united nations , told reporters that he expected the security council , and especially its permanent members , to use their leverage on chad ."
"this is a moment of truth for the international community to draw its own conclusion from this incident , he said . it can send a message to chad to desist from acts of destabilization ."
"mohamed likened saturday s attack by hundreds of justice and equality movement jem rebels on the suburb of omdurman to the attacks on new york and washington on september , ."
"we expect that the council s sentiment recognize what it means to us when our national capital is attacked , he said ."
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon issued a statement through his spokesman expressing grave concern over the attack and continued fighting .
"he strongly condemns the use of armed force and military means by jem for the achievement of political ends , and calls for an immediate cessation of fighting and a renewed commitment to a peaceful resolution of outstanding issues , he said ."
"the bold , a high end model that further demonstrates the company s desire to make tools for both work and play ."
"the bold , or , has twice the screen resolution of the current curve model , making for a very sharp display ."
"it matches the resolution , but not the size , of the screen on apple inc . s iphone , which has emerged as a potent competitor in the smart phone category ."
at t inc . on monday said it would be the exclusive u . s . carrier for the bold .
"waterloo , ontario based rim didn t announce a price for the bold , nor agreements with specific carriers . it said the phone would be available from various carriers this summer ."
at t is the only u . s . operator with a cellular broadband network compatible with the initial bold model .
"later versions could work on the sprint nextel corp . and verizon wireless networks , according to rim co chief executive mike lazaridis ."
"like the curve and the pearl , blackberry s consumer oriented phones , the bold has a full size headset jack and a camera that can also capture video ."
"at the same time , it has dual band wi fi , a feature previously only found on a model aimed at the corporate market ."
"the bold will also have exchangable back plates in different colors , a first for a blackberry ."
small service stations are running into a problem as gasoline marches toward a gallon in the united states
thousands of old fashioned pumps can t register more than . on their spinning mechanical dials .
"many of the same pumps can only count up to . for the total sale , preventing owners of some sport utility vehicles , vans , trucks and other gas guzzlers to fill their tanks all the way ."
"as many as , of america s , service stations have old style meters that need to be fixed about , individual pumps , said bob renkes , executive vice president of the petroleum equipment institute of tulsa , oklahoma ."
"they top out at . , only cents above the price of regular gas at the station ."
"in small towns , where you don t have the volume , there s no way you can afford to pay for the replacements for these old pumps , colville said . it s just not economically feasible ."
"yet job seekers have committed these interview gaffes and worse , according to careerbuilder . com s annual survey of the worst interview mistakes ."
"to ensure your interview is smooth and error free , follow these five tips ."
do some research
"when you walk into a job interview , knowledge of the company s history , goals and current activity proves to the interviewer that you are not only prepared for the interview , but also that you want to be a part of the organization ."
don t lie
"if the conversation drifts to a topic you re not knowledgeable about , admit you don t know the answer and then explain how you would go about finding a solution ."
displaying your problem solving skills is better than babbling about something you don t understand .
"although interviewers often try to create a comfortable setting to ease the job seeker s nerves , business decorum shouldn t disappear ."
"avoid offering personal details that can be controversial or have no relevance to the position , such as political and religious beliefs or stories about a recent break up ."
know what to expect expect to hear staple interview questions
"these open ended questions are harder to answer than they sound , so think about your responses before the interview ."
put on a happy face
the interview is not the time to air your grievances about being wronged by a past boss .
how you speak about a previous employer gives the hiring manager an idea of how you ll speak about him or her once you ve moved on .
"apple inc . said monday its online stores in the u . s . and uk are sold out of the iphone , a sign supplies are being winnowed ahead of the launch of the device s next generation featuring faster internet surfing speeds ."
"the cupertino based company confirmed that the iphone is out of stock online , but added that brick and mortar stores run by apple and iphone carriers including at t inc . might still have units available ."
"apple spokeswoman natalie kerris declined to comment on reasons for the shortage and on apple s plans for an update to the device , which is widely expected to be unveiled in june at apple s worldwide developers conference in san francisco ."
meet its goal of selling million of the hybrid ipod cell phone internet surfing gadgets by the end of .
"so far , apple has sold . million iphones , according to the latest data as of the end of march ."
"one way apple is expanding the iphone s reach is by inking deals with wireless carriers around the world , even breaking with its pattern of requiring exclusivity to sell in a certain country ."
"on monday , four mobile providers in the asia pacific region announced partnerships with apple to bring the iphone to their regions later this year ."
"london , england cnn it is one of the most hotly anticipated movies of the year and after years of feverish speculation , sex and the city the movie , premieres in london monday night ."
there have also been protests that the film will open in london .
"not surprisingly , american fans believe its spiritual home is in new york and that it should be seen there first ."
"such is the secrecy surrounding the plot of the film that the four actresses sarah jessica parker , cynthia nixon , kim cattrall and kristin davis will give a speech before the curtain goes up monday asking the audience , not to disclose the plot , london s daily telegraph reports ."
but the two week gap between premiere and nationwide release dates is not deterring london fashionistas eager to see their icon carrie bradshaw on the big screen .
hsbc holdings plc reported monday that first quarter profit was better than in the same period a year ago despite a us . billion write down on subprime mortgage assets in the united states .
hsbc shares rose percent on the london stock exchange after the announcement us . .
"the bank did not release the figures for its first quarter , but is scheduled to report first half earnings in august ."
analyst alex potter at collins stewart says the report of higher first quarter profit is a claim few banks in europe will be able to make .
"he adds that the outlook statement is very muted but this is hardly a surprise , whereas the u . s . performance was well above worst fears . potter says hsbc remains a safe haven ."
"jerusalem cnn a rocket fired by palestinian militants in gaza on monday struck a house in southern israel , killing one woman , according to israeli medical emergency services ."
the attack came as egypt s top intelligence official tried to negotiate an end to the violence between israel and militants in hamas controlled gaza .
it was the second fatal strike on israel in recent days .
"a mortar attack from gaza on friday killed an israeli man in his yard in southern israel and wounded three others , the israel defense forces said ."
"there has been a steady increase in rocket and mortar launchings from gaza since hamas took control of gaza last year , but the strikes rarely cause casualties ."
"egypt s top intelligence official , omar suleiman , met with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and other israeli officials on monday in jerusalem ."
"he hopes to end the gaza israel violence , which threatens a broader attempt to negotiate a peace agreement with the palestinian leadership in the west bank ."
"suleiman said releasing gilad shalit , an israeli soldier who was captured by gaza militants nearly two years ago , is central to any agreement ."
"we hope that with this package which we are working on that we will make indirect negotiation between the israelis and the people who are abducting gilad shalit to release him , to make a new atmosphere for continuing the negotiation for a two state solution , he said ."
sen . barack obama took the lead in the race for superdelegates on the eve of a contest that s expected to fall easily into sen . hillary clinton s column .
"tom allen of maine , dolly strazar of hawaii , sen . daniel akaka of hawaii and keith roark of idaho all endorsed obama monday , giving him a lead of four superdelegates for the time being ."
"obama and clinton face off tuesday in west virginia , where polls show clinton ahead by more than a point margin ."
"under pressure from some to withdraw from the race , clinton insists that west virginina , where only delegates are at stake , is a key state in the fight for the white house ."
she said again monday that no democratic candidate since has gone on to win the white house without first winning west virginia .
"west virginia is making a decision that has far reaching consequences to send a message to people what you expect from your next president , she said at a stop in clear fork , west virginia ."
"clinton currently trails obama across all fronts superdelegates , pledged delegates and the popular vote , according to cnn s latest estimates ."
"obama leads in the race for superdelegates , to clinton s , and he s ahead in the overall delegate count , , to , ."
"at the beginning of the year , clinton led the superdelegate race by more than ."
clinton has vowed to stay in the race until someone gets enough delegates to clinch the nomination .
bolivia s president monday set an august date for a vote of confidence that he called for last week intended to give him a new mandate and strengthen his hand against movements for autonomy in several states .
"personally , i have no fear of the people , president evo morales told reporters in a signing ceremony at the presidential palace in la paz . the people should say the truth about their authorities . this is another way for the people to judge their elected officials ."
"in a televised address , morales announced that the referendum on his administration and the governors of the nation s nine departments will be held august ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
an earthquake powerful enough to be felt throughout most of china left thousands of people dead monday and thousands more trapped
"the chinese government said at least , people were dead , but that the death toll was sure to rise as authorities began to reach some of the worst hit areas . an expert told cnn the . magnitude quake is the largest the region has seen for over a generation ."
"nearly all the confirmed deaths were in sichuan province , but rescuers could not immediately reach the epicenter of wenchuan , because roads linking it to the provincial capital , chengdu , were damaged , state run news agency xinhua reported ."
"president hu jintao ordered an all out effort to help those affected , and premier wen jiabao traveled to the region to direct the rescue work , xinhua reported ."
"powerful storms killed at least people in three states over the weekend , including an oklahoma mother who died while huddling over her infant ."
the baby boy survived with facial injuries .
"many other people were left to sift through piles of wreckage and debris on sunday , wading through overturned cars , fallen trees and the remains of homes ."
"one in a small community just east of carthage in jasper county , missouri one in an area of purdy in barry county , missouri ."
"the storms moved to the southeast , killing another person in laurens county , georgia ."
"serbia s pro western president boris tadic declared victory sunday in the country s parliamentary elections , despite a challenge to his bloc from nationalist groups ."
this is a great victory for serbia s european future .
"tadic s coalition , the coalition for european serbia , held about percent of the vote , for about seats , according to preliminary results from the belgrade based center for free elections and democracy , or cesid ."
"new york cnn when it comes to sex , isabella rossellini is an animal ."
"they re just some of the creatures the actress impersonates in her new project , green porno ."
"the series of short films , commissioned by the sundance channel , is a showcase of how small creatures get down to the business of reproducing ."
rossellini hopes you ll find the two minute flicks amusing .
"she also wants you to learn something along the way , such as the fact that snails are hermaphrodites ."
"and perhaps more interestingly , that the saucy mollusks engage in a decidedly rough form of foreplay ."
"of course , you can t beat the praying mantis when it comes to aggressive copulating ."
the female bites the head off the male during sex .
"with a lot of insects , a lot of females eat the male ."
"costumed as a different critter in each of the eight films , rossellini perhaps best known to american audiences for her roles in the film blue velvet and the tv series alias shares tidbits like these , not all of them so gruesome , and demonstrates the appropriate technique ."
"but before you reach for the dimmer switch and start cranking barry white tunes , know that her mate in each scene is made of . . . well . . . cardboard ."
consider it small time porn for the small screen .
"canberra , australia cnn koalas are threatened by the rising level of carbon dioxide pollution in the atmosphere because it saps nutrients from the eucalyptus leaves they feed on , a researcher said ."
"ian hume , emeritus professor of biology at sydney university , said he and his researchers also found that the amount of toxicity in the leaves of eucalyptus saplings rose when the level of carbon dioxide within a greenhouse was increased ."
hume presented his research on the effects of carbon dioxide on eucalyptus leaves to the australian academy of science in canberra .
"an increase in carbon dioxide favors the trees production of carbon based anti nutrients over nutrients , so leaves can become toxic to koalas , hume said ."
"some eucalyptus species may have high protein content , but anti nutrients such as tannins bind the protein so it cannot be digested by koalas ."
hume estimated that current levels of global carbon dioxide emissions would result in a noticeable reduction in australia s koala population in years due to a lack of palatable leaves .
"out of more than eucalyptus species in australia , koalas will only eat the leaves of about , hume said ."
"changing the toxicity levels in the trees could further reduce the varieties that koalas find palatable , he said ."
"koalas produce one young each year under optimal conditions , but if you drop the nutritional value of the leaves , it might become one young every three or four years , hume said ."
"cnn world war ii was over , but as the s gave way to the s , a new evil lurked in the land ."
"it attracted a youthful audience boys , mostly who fell victim to its colorful images , dripping in red , and gave money to its purveyors ."
"the united states had a new menace , they said , one whose name started with c and whose first syllable rhymed with bomb ."
"the country was fixated on this , said david hajdu , author of the recently released the ten cent plague , a history of the era ."
"these had names such as tales from the crypt , shock suspenstories and justice traps the guilty , and they told stories of crime and horror ."
"hundreds of millions sold every month , at cents a throw ."
"they were the most popular form of entertainment in america , he said ."
"the fact that such entertainment was primarily aimed at children and teens raised the ire of authorities , including social scientists , newspaper columnists and political leaders ."
"these works , they believed , were causing crime and degeneracy . they had to be stopped ."
"cnn it may be small , but florence contains a quarter of the planet s unesco world heritage sites , which can be overwhelming for first time visitors ."
"with this ratio of classics per square meter , it s impossible to see everything in one visit so don t try ."
"a good starting point is florence s cathedral , the duomo piazza del duomo , which dominates the city s skyline ."
climb up the inside of brunelleschi s th century dome and admire the views from the cupola .
"if you only visit one museum , pick carefully ."
"for sculpture , head to the bargello . for art , it has to be the uffizi galleries ."
"but not all of florence s wonders are indoors , so take advantage of the clement weather and cross the roman ponte vecchio bridge , famous for the jewelry shops that line it , to the boboli gardens ."
"take a picnic and climb up to the top of the gardens , congratulate yourself on escaping the crowds and admire the view ."
"if you only have time for a flying visit , check out the unbelievable ice cream colours of michaelangelo s tomb in santa croce church piazza sta croce"
"when you re done , pick up some impeccably made leather purses from scula del cuoio , a leather school next door ."
"if you are looking for something more offbeat , try the museo la specola , a zoology museum where you can find eerily accurate wax models of corpses , a multitude of stuffed animals and other victorian museum curiosities ."
"while the quintessential pairing of ripe tomatoes and lettuce is certainly enjoyable , a good salad can be so much more ."
"adding fruits , nuts , and other well chosen ingredients offers a welcome change"
"more importantly , incorporating a few more nutritious ingredients is an easy way to serve a more healthful dish ."
choose among them to suit your palate and your needs .
"most leafy greens contribute folate , the b vitamin critical to red blood cell health and the reduction of neural tube birth defects like spina bifida ."
good to know
"lutein is better absorbed when combined with a splash of oil , particularly olive oil ."
"so a classic vinaigrette not only tastes great on your salad , but it may also help you absorb more nutrients ."
fruits
"all fruit provides abundant good nutrients vitamin c and potassium , in particular ."
blueberries contain polyphenol compounds called anthocyanins and proanthocyanins that may play a role in preserving memory .
grapes also offer polyphenols .
good to know
the fiber in fruits can help lower blood cholesterol levels and reduce risk of heart disease .
nuts and seeds
"one fourth cup of nuts or seeds adds nearly five grams of high quality protein , as well as generous amounts of vitamin e , fiber , minerals , and arginine , a compound that helps blood vessels to function ."
good to know
a report in harvard men s health watch suggests that as little as two ounces of nuts per week might lower your risk of heart disease .
onions
what they add
"onions are plentiful sources of disease fighting phenols and flavonoids , both potential cancer fighters and weapons against some chronic diseases ."
good to know
pungent yellow onions and red onions measured high .
seafood and other proteins
"what they add fatty fish like salmon or tuna offer omega fats , which help lower the risk for heart disease ."
good to know
"fish , skinless chicken , or small amounts of cheese can also help boost the protein content of salads ."
"cnn after days of stonewalling , the myanmar government is ready to accept aid from around the world for victims of saturday s deadly cyclone , the country s u . n . ambassador said friday ."
"myanmar s ambassador to the united nations , kyaw tint swe , made his statement during a special u . n . session during which several diplomats slammed the myanmar government ."
british ambassador john sawers called myanmar s refusal to let aid workers in as the death toll mounts an appalling crisis and labeled the government s actions inexplicable and inexcusable .
"the myanmar envoy responded , we are ready to speed up and strengthen our relief effort . we will accept aid from any corner ."
"the ambassador from singapore tried to defuse the anger aimed at myanmar , urging those in the special session not to politicize the situation ."
"john holmes , the u . n . coordinator for humanitarian affairs , told the delegates that the death toll from cyclone nargis ranges from , to , , well above the myanmar government s announced toll of ,"
"most of the victims were in the irrawaddy delta , where as many as million people lived . the low lying region bore the brunt of the storm ."
"officials have said that about , square miles of land there is under water ."
"the victims plight could worsen this week as heavy rain is forecast , according to the associated press ."
but holmes said the exact scale of the catastrophe is unknown because of the government s refusal to let disaster assessment teams into the country .
"hong kong , china cnn back in the good old days of the internet , the hacker was a teenager motivated by high tech pranks and bragging rights ."
"today , the online thief could be anyone with net access after a quick buck ."
"hacking has escalated from a destructive nature to financial gain through phishing , targeting people for bank account details , and siphoning accounts from there , says derek manky , security researcher at fortinet ."
"it s a very sophisticated ecosystem , with organizations and services for hire , he continues ."
"there s a lot of money floating around , a lot of people involved . once the infrastructure and networks are in place , you start building that foundation , which can be further leveraged and taken to next level denial of services , cyber warfare , espionage ."
"in the web . world of ubiquitous , seamless , horizontal communication , information wants to be free ."
"but just as easily as it can be uploaded , downloaded and shared , it can be accessed and exploited by individuals with a different agenda ."
"while online communities in particular continue to grow through friendly social networking sites , underground cybercrime syndicates continue to thrive on these on screen relationships based on sharing and trust ."
"tokyo , japan cnn a u . s . marine accused of raping a year old japanese woman last year was found guilty thursday of committing wrongful sexual contact and indecent acts , the u . s . military said , but he was acquitted of rape ."
"the sentencing hearing for lance cpl . larry a . dean , , is scheduled to begin on friday ."
"local media reported that the four men met the woman in a restaurant in hiroshima on october , , then allegedly attacked and raped her in a car in nearby parking lot ."
japanese authorities investigated but decided in november not to file charges .
dean also was found guilty of conspiracy to commit indecent acts and two minor charges .
he was acquitted of conspiracy to kidnap or rape .
the case is similar to a recent alleged sexual assault of a year old girl involving a u . s . marine on the southern japanese island of okinawa .
"staff sgt . tyrone luther hadnott , , was charged last month with the rape of a child under , abusive sexual contact with a child , making a false official statement , adultery and kidnapping , the military said ."
"in february , japanese authorities released hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations , but the marine corps conducted its own investigation to see if hadnott violated codes of military justice ."
"mexico city , mexico cnn mexico s federal police chief was shot to death early thursday in a northwestern mexico city neighborhood , the country s public safety department said ."
"edgar eusebio millan gomez was shot nine times , including in the throat , a statement from the department said ."
"the murder of millan , who played an active role in the mexican government s fight against drug cartels and organized crime , is the latest in a string of killings of police and military personnel ."
"since taking office in , president felipe calderon has deployed some , troops to fight the drug cartels , and many see the slayings as retaliation against the president s actions ."
"millan and his two bodyguards , leobardo plata hernandez and daniel de la vega hernandez , came under fire in the street in colonia guerrero , in mexico city , about a . m . , the department said ."
"the bodyguards were also shot , but were not seriously wounded , it said ."
"police have detained a man , alejandro ramirez baez , in the shooting , the department said ."
calderon condemned the attack in a statement on his web site .
"the government of mexico expresses its deepest sympathy for the cowardly assassination of an exemplary official committed to the security of mexican families , the statement said ."
"but calderon said in his statement , the mexican government will re enforce its head on fight against crime , he said ."
"in january , millan used similar words to describe the government s struggle against the drug cartels ."
oil is trading above a barrel in asia after a record settlement in the previous session .
"by midmorning friday in singapore , light , sweet crude for june delivery had gained cents to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange ."
the contract rose cents on thursday to close at a record finish of . a barrel .
analysts say bullish momentum and renewed expectations that the dollar will continue to weaken against foreign currencies such as the euro and yen are likely to keep pushing oil to new records .
"myanmar opposition leader aung san suu kyi is living in virtual darkness after the devastating cyclone that struck the country blew the roof off her house , a neighbor said thursday ."
it was not clear if suu kyi was injured or whether she had enough food and water .
the neighbor said the electricity connection to suu kyi s dilapidated lakeside bungalow was snapped in saturday s cyclone .
"it seems no one cares for her , said the neighbor , who was contacted by telephone from bangkok . he spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject ."
"suu kyi , a nobel peace prize laureate , has lived under house arrest for about of the last years for leading an internationally hailed movement for democracy in myanmar , which has been ruled by the military with an iron fist since ."
"cnn spoke with the queen of clean , linda cobb , a new york times best selling author and television personality . cobb , who owns three cats , knows a thing or two about getting the best of pet messes ."
what can pet owners do about pet hair ?
cobb
you can use what s called a soot and dirt removal sponge .
"you simply run it over a lampshade or the upholstery on your furniture , and it actually pulls the hair right off ."
you can also use a damp sponge .
another good thing to use is rubber gloves .
"dip them into water keep a bucket of water near you shake off the excess water and rub that over the upholstery , and the hair will collect on the rubber gloves ."
the other thing you need is a really good vacuum cleaner .
i have found that i prefer one that has a bag in it .
i use an oreck xl .
"if you re using a canister vacuum , you have to take it out and then shake it into the trash , which puts all of that dust and that dander and that cat hair and everything else back up into the air ."
"if you have someone in the house that is sensitive to cats , has an allergy from them or something like that , there is a product called allerpet that you can actually just spray on to your pet , and it neutralizes the enzymes in the saliva , which is what people are usually allergic to ."
"this is something that even if the cat licks itself , it won t hurt it ."
what about pet accidents ?
cobb
"if you ve got a hairball , or spaghetti didn t agree with the dog , accident on the carpet , the first thing you do is scream and run to get the paper towels and start trying to pick it up , which drives it down into the carpet fibers ."
"instead , reach for your baking soda ."
"sprinkle on a really heavy coat , and i mean heavy , so that it s completely covering it totally ."
"the baking soda will pull the liquid , the bile , the acids from the accident up into it away from the carpet ."
"once it s dry , you take the suction hose from your vacuum and simply vacuum that up , and many times you can t even tell there was an accident there ."
"for pet urine , the first thing you want to do is put a very heavy , heavy pile of paper towels on it , stand on it , draw all the urine you can away from the carpet ."
then pour on club soda and do the same thing .
then you can go in to neutralize it with about a half a cup of water quarter cup of white vinegar .
"if you have any odor , you want to use an odor eliminator to remove that ."
"now , that s not a spray that smells like lavender or oranges or flowers ."
an odor eliminator has no odor .
"the race for the democratic presidential nomination is alive and well and must continue , according to house speaker nancy pelosi ."
"the people should all have the opportunity to speak as long as two candidates wish to compete in those primaries and caucuses , pelosi said during a news conference wednesday to promote democratic energy proposals ."
"in a few weeks , we will be on our way to nominating the next president of the united states ."
sen . hillary clinton is facing renewed pressure to drop out of the race following tuesday s double digit loss to sen . barack obama in north carolina and a narrow win in indiana .
"pelosi , d california , said either candidate would be a great president ."
she said the tremendous turnout is something positive that is coming out of this race .
"asked if she could see any path to victory for clinton , pelosi said , you never know in elections ."
clinton on wednesday fended off calls for her to step aside .
"there is no cause for alarm , sometimes you have got to calm people down a little bit , clinton told thousands of cheering supporters at a washington fundraiser called generations of women for hillary ."
"i understand that some people are getting a little nervous , and i have to say that there really is no cause for nervousness , because we will have a unified democratic party , she said ."
"i will work my heart out for the nominee of our party , and i believe that sen . obama will work as hard as he can for the nominee of our party ."
"clinton added the differences between her and obama are minimal compared with the democrats differences with sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn dr . anne nedrow gets the e mails every day e mails from women patients linking to web sites of dubious quality ."
one patient wrote nedrow enthusiastically about an herb to treat low libido .
another e mail contained a link to a site for a nutritional drink .
"again , nedrow wrote back pointing out that the web site actually belonged to the company that made the drink , hardly an objective source ."
"patients sometimes have a hard time discerning objective from subjective , and reliable from unreliable information on the internet ."
"so we asked her , and three other women s health experts , for their favorite sites on women s health ."
gynecological health
"dr . christiane northrup , an obstetrician gynecologist and author of three books on women s health , says when it comes to infertility , she recommends the fertile soul and fertile heart , which focus on complementary and alternative therapies ."
"also , on the centers for disease control and prevention s page on assisted reproductive technology , you can look up success rates for fertility clinics nationwide ."
"for questions about menstrual issues , northrup recommends the red web foundation , a nonprofit organization the fosters positive views of girls and women s bodies and menstrual cycles ."
heart disease
the word is out heart disease isn t a man s issue .
"women have heart attacks , too , and often the signs are very different from those men see ."
nedrow recommends the national institute of health s section on women and heart health .
"nedrow also recommends reynolds risk score , a site specially designed for women to calculate their risk of having a heart attack or stroke in the next years ."
the american heart association also has a risk calculator for women .
breast cancer
"dr . carolyn runowicz , past president of the american cancer society and herself a breast cancer survivor , recommends the susan g . komen for the cure site as well as the site for the gynecologic cancer foundation ."
"dr . pamela peeke , clinical assistant professor of medicine at the university of maryland school of medicine , also recommends the dr . susan love research foundation web site ."
"the worst of the nation s credit crisis may have passed , u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson said wednesday , though he acknowledged rising gas prices will blunt the effect of million economic stimulus checks ."
he ruled out a second stimulus package for now .
"in an interview with the associated press , paulson said the turmoil that has gripped wall street and that took a turn for the worse again in march has eased somewhat . there s progress , he said ."
i think we re closer to the end of this than to the beginning .
"a prolonged housing slump , a severe credit crisis and soaring energy costs have pushed the economy to the edge of a recession ."
"to help cushion the blow , the bush administration and congress speedily enacted a billion stimulus package of tax rebates for people and tax breaks for businesses ."
"with oil costs surging to record levels and gasoline prices hovering around all time highs above . a gallon , paulson acknowledged that pain at the pump would diminish the impact of the stimulus payments that are designed to give the economy a jump start ."
"obviously , the high price of gasoline is unwelcome and is a challenge and is a headwind , he said ."
the first batch of rebate payments started hitting bank accounts last week through direct deposits .
"paulson said the steep slump in housing , which has depressed home sales and prices , remained the biggest risk to the economy ."
"although he said he didn t know when the worst of housing s problems will pass , he suggested there will still be strains in the months ahead ."
the legend of jack daniel reaches all the way back to the moment he was born .
"unfortunately , nobody knows exactly when that was ."
"some records show that jasper newton jack daniel came into the world on september , ."
"his tombstone , however , says ."
"strange , because his mother died in ."
"all of this might not normally matter , but jack s birth date is important to his overall legend , which proudly proclaims him the boy distiller ."
"so perhaps it s best we begin when jack was first introduced to whiskey , which we know was early in life ."
"he ended up at the home of dan call , a preacher at a nearby lutheran church and the owner of a general store ."
"there , reverend call also happened to sell whiskey that he distilled himself ."
jack quickly became determined to learn the craft .
"if that legend is true , then jack began selling his own tennessee whiskey only three years later"
"the famous black labels on the company bottles proudly pronounce , established and registered in ."
"in reality , no documents support that myth ."
"jack may have been a teenage moonshiner , but he didn t register his business with the federal government until ."
"and by then , jack would have been the more booze appropriate age of ."
"whatever legends exist , one thing is certain"
jack daniel had a brilliant mind for marketing .
"even as a youngster , jack understood that if people remembered him , they would remember his whiskey ."
"to that end , he decked himself out in a formal knee length coat , a vest , a tie , and a wide brim planter s hat , and was never caught out of uniform again ."
"perhaps jack s greatest coup was the name he gave his high quality product old no . . naturally , nobody seems to know why ."
jack believed the number seven was lucky . jack was honoring a merchant friend who owned seven stores that distributed jack s liquor .
"new york cnn early on in the new sex and the city film and don t worry , we re not spoiling the plot here carrie and longtime love mr . big are in bed together ."
a passionate interlude ?
"nah , they re just reading ."
"except they both need glasses , and there s only one pair ."
"these two , who fogged up the small screen with their sexual chemistry during the tv series ?"
"yes , and that small moment is a sweet acknowledgment that they ve both aged ."
"the series may be alive and well on tbs reruns . but it s been a full decade since sex and the city premiered on hbo , bringing us sex columnist carrie , her three gal pals , and their lustful urban quest for love , good sex and even better clothes ."
how does sex and the city get around the age issue ?
"in interviews with the associated press over the weekend , the cast answered that question unanimously it doesn t ."
"when we started cobbling together the movie , we knew there was only one road we could take , said sarah jessica parker , who stars as carrie and co produced the film ."
"you cannot pretend we re , still running around new york drinking with liberty and looking for interesting sexual partnerships . it would have been vulgar . none of us wanted to do that ."
"and so the film begins not where the series left off four years ago , but in the present ."
"russia s lower house of parliament confirmed former president vladimir putin as prime minister thursday , beginning a new era in russian politics a day after his chosen successor took over the top role ."
the duma approved putin by a vote of to .
new president dmitry medvedev had nominated putin to the post of prime minister just hours after taking the oath of office wednesday in a ceremony at the kremlin .
"for me it s clear that the government can only be strong and effective if it can fully rely on the legislative power , putin told the house ."
"based on those principles , i intend to build my relationship with the state duma . i expect that you will take the same attitude and the same approach ."
"putin , who spent the past eight years as russian president , could be taking a great deal of power with him to the premiership ."
"he and medvedev , putin s ally and protege , have said they will rule jointly from their respective offices ."
"during his time in office , putin created a network of loyal officials on every level of government all appointed , not elected . putin indicated that tight control could continue ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn the leader of al qaeda in iraq , abu ayyub al masri , was arrested in the northern city of mosul , the iraqi defense ministry spokesman said thursday ."
"defense ministry spokesman mohammed al askari said the arrest of al masri , also known as abu hamza al muhajir , was confirmed to him by the iraqi commander of the province ."
"the commander of ninevah military operations informed me that iraqi troops captured abu hamza al muhajir the leader of al qaeda in iraq , al askari told the associated press by telephone ."
"al masri , an egyptian militant , took over al qaeda in iraq after abu musab al zarqawi was killed june , in a u . s . airstrike northeast of baghdad ."
the u . s . military in baghdad said we are currently checking with iraqi authorities to confirm the accuracy of this information .
interior ministry spokesman maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf said that mosul police arrested one of al qaeda s leaders at midnight and during the primary investigations he admitted that he is abu hamza al muhajir .
news of the arrest was also reported by iraqi state television .
"the state channel , iraqiya , said that minister of interior jawad al bolani would reward mosul police for the capture ."
interior ministry spokesman khalaf told the station by phone that a source close to the al qaeda leader informed mosul police that al masri would be at a house in the city s wadi hajar area at midnight wednesday .
"the police raided this house and arrested him . during the primary investigation , he confessed that he is abu hamza al muhajir , the leader of al qaeda in iraq ."
"now a broader investigation of him is being conducted , he said to iraqiya ."
"if confirmed , the arrest would represent a major blow to al qaeda in iraq , which has been on the run for the past year following an influx of thousands of u . s . troops and a shift in alliances by sunni tribesmen in western anbar province , and elsewhere ."
myanmar s military government began allowing aid agencies into the country thursday to respond to the dire needs of those who survived the killer storm but is still being criticized for acting too slow .
"myanmar radio and television mrtv announced that shipments from bangladesh , china , india , singapore , italy and thailand arrived thursday at yangon s international airport ."
"the state run station said the military was using helicopters to deliver medicine , food and several generators throughout the irrawaddy delta , the hardest hit region , specifically in the areas around bassein and pyapon ."
"the secretive military junta that rules myanmar says more than , people died after nargis struck friday into saturday , but the top u . s . diplomat in the country said the toll could exceed , ."
"tim costello , president of world vision australia , a christian aid group , told cnn thursday that the myanmar government estimates , people are missing ."
the tropical cyclone hit with a force equal to a category hurricane stronger than u . s . hurricane katrina in with winds in some areas topping kilometers per hour mph .
"as many as million people lived in the delta , the low lying region that suffered the brunt of the storm ."
sen . barack obama said thursday the most important thing he could achieve as president would be to deal with iraq and the threat of al qaeda in afghanistan while improving our influence around the world .
"in his first interview since the north carolina and indiana primaries , the democratic presidential candidate said he thinks the united states influence around the world has been diminishing ."
"nearly a week after a volcano erupted in chaiten , chile , disgorging its contents across a wide area of the andes mountains , authorities finished evacuating the area most affected ."
"though the eruption has been continuous , it increased at midnight wednesday , powered by a massive explosion , then returned to its steady discharge of ash , officials said ."
"many of whom had sought to remain to care for their cattle among the approximately , residents inside the kilometer exclusion zone , said carmen fernandez , director of chile s office of emergency ."
"by thursday morning , only about people primarily police , military and journalists remained in the immediate vicinity of the volcano , she said ."
second half substitute juninho converted from an th minute free kick and lyon beat second division sedan on wednesday to reach its first french cup final since .
"the brazilian midfielder hit a swerving shot from meters that flew over the wall and past goalkeeper patrick regnault , who had made several saves earlier to deny the six time defending french league champion ."
coach alain perrin rested juninho and other lyon key players such as karim benzema .
"but , after regnault denied kader keita and hatem ben arfa with fine saves , he called on both juninho and benzema midway through the second half ."
"chasing its seventh straight french league title , lyon leads bordeaux by two points with two rounds remaining ."
the farmers said they would go on strike for eight days until may .
they are protesting a percent export tax on products such as soybeans and sunflowers .
"farmers nationwide went on strike shortly after the government implemented the tax , on march , but they suspended the strike in early april to allow time for negotiations . on tuesday , the farmers said the government had agreed to re examine the issue of taxes on exports ."
the renewed strike will include demonstrations along roads .
"but the farmer said they do not plant to block roads as they did in march , according to eduardo buzzi , leader of the agrarian federation . at no time will we sponsor or support roadblocks , he said ."
"he added that roadblocks could happen even though it s something the federation does not want and isn t looking for , according to a report in telam , the national news agency of argentina ."
"in addition , the farmers said , they plan to halt grain exports during the eight day period ."
"the argentine cabinet chief , alberto fernandez , criticized the decision ."
"i think we should be more sensible , he said ."
"everest base camp , tibet cnn the olympic flame reached the top of the world thursday morning , carried to the summit of mount everest by climbers wearing oxygen masks to breathe in the thin air of the earth s highest point ."
a year old tibetan woman the youngest member of the expedition carried the flame atop the peak .
"p . m . et wednesday , about two hours ahead of schedule ."
"they were very motivated they were very excited , journalist tomas etzler said from the everest base camp at , meters , ft ."
"the climbers started their ascent at a . m . thursday p . m . wednesday along the tibetan side of everest , known there as chomolungma ."
twenty two of the climbers were tibetan .
"the torches and fuel used in the relay were specially developed by chinese research , allowing the flame to continue burning at such high elevations , etzler said ."
lawmakers have overwhelmingly elected brian cowen to be ireland s new prime minister .
cowen received support wednesday from all three parties in the government of predecessor bertie ahern .
cowen is expected to reshuffle the cabinet within hours .
posts to be filled include cowen s former positions of deputy prime minister and finance minister .
"police erected barriers outside the parliamentary building to contain more than , cowen supporters who chanted and sang in celebration of his victory ."
many traveled by chartered bus from cowen s power base in the rural irish midlands .
"cowen says he is looking forward to it , and getting ready for the action ."
"beirut , lebanon cnn labor union members and anti government hezbollah supporters blocked roads with mounds of sand and burning tires wednesday to demand higher salaries for public workers , protests that paralyzed the airport and much of the capital ."
"gunshots could be heard , but the origins were unclear ."
"lebanese soldiers set up checkpoints and patrolled the streets , as did civilian members of the shiite militant group hezbollah , who blocked the route to the airport and staged a sit in downtown ."
the general labor confederation called off the strike after a few hours for security reasons and said it would be rescheduled .
"hezbollah was harshly criticized by lebanon s top muslim spiritual leader , who said it was using the demonstrations as a political opportunity ."
"members of lebanon s other major shiite party , amal , also participated ."
the road to the airport was blocked .
"the lebanese cabinet recently raised the minimum wage for employees like school bus drivers and trash collectors from a month to a month , and workers say that s insufficient , given rising prices for food and other commodities ."
"in a rare display of anger toward hezbollah , the highest sunni spiritual authority in lebanon criticized the group of taking advantage of the strike by turning it into a political opportunity and accused members of fomenting violence in beirut ."
"this strike is turning into a civil disobedience and an invasion to the streets of beirut , carried out by militant gangs , charged the grand mufti , sheikh mohammed rashid qabbani . his speech was carried by the lbc network and qatar based al jazeera ."
"we used to think that hezbollah is concerned with fighting the israeli occupation , and all of a sudden it is turning to be a militant force to occupy beirut , and this is why we call upon the arab and islamic nations to help us and stop these harmful aggressions in lebanon , qabbani said ."
"beijing , china cnn china has tightened visa controls ahead of the olympic games , with invitation letters and hotel reservations required for some travelers , the government acknowledged tuesday after weeks of insisting the entry process was business as usual ."
"that is , in the approval process we are more strict and more serious with the procedure , foreign ministry spokesman qin gang said ."
the changes come amid fears the summer games will be disrupted by protesting activists or possibly terrorists a concern deepened after the troubled progress made by the international olympic torch relay .
"the flame s round the world tour was dogged by protests in london , paris and other cities where demonstrators voiced their disapproval at beijing s clampdown on a broad uprising among tibetans against chinese rule ."
"in a country where control has long been paramount , china is facing unprecedented challenges when an estimated half million visitors come to beijing in august for the olympics , along with , international athletes and , journalists ."
there have been numerous reports of foreigners being kicked out of beijing because of tightening visa restrictions .
"the government seems to be targeting students , apparently fearing some might mount pro tibet demonstrations during the games ."
"but travelers , bloggers , foreign embassy officials and travel agents are also complaining that they are having trouble getting visas to stay in the country during the olympic period ."
"qin said the policies would be maintained for a period of time , but did not give further details ."
sen . barack obama took a major step tuesday toward securing the democratic presidential nomination .
"he not only scored a convincing victory in north carolina , but he also made hillary clinton s path to the nomination even more difficult by finishing closely behind her in indiana ."
"clinton vowed to soldier on , telling supporters at an indiana rally that it s full speed on to the white house ."
obama on wednesday morning has a larger lead in pledged delegates as well as the overall popular vote .
"for clinton , time for a rebound may be slipping away ."
"with north carolina and indiana in the rearview mirror , six contests and pledged delegates remain ."
"in addition to wooing the dwindling pool of voters remaining in this nomination battle , clinton and obama are actively pursuing the roughly uncommitted superdelegates , aides said ."
these party insiders and elected officials who are granted special voting privileges at the national convention eventually will determine the next democratic nominee .
pressure is on clinton to find a way somehow to halt what increasingly looks like an unstoppable obama march to the nomination and keep the superdelegates from rushing to his corner before the primary season ends june .
superdelegates will be closely monitoring clinton s financial situation to assess her continued viability .
one of her main challenges in the next month will be to raise enough money to compete with obama in the final contests .
"clinton loaned her presidential race . million over the last month , her campaign said , an indication of her deteriorating financial position ."
new york cnn sunday night is getting less steamy .
"oxygen s talk sex call in show with colorful septugenarian educator sue johanson is ending its run after six seasons , the network announced tuesday ."
the final show airs at midnight sunday .
"her show , derived from a canadian radio program that began in , offered practical advice and the latest information on sexually transmitted diseases ."
it was all the more colorful hearing it from a toronto based nurse who looked and sounded like your grandmother .
"i have been on television for years , she said . i think it s time . i figured if we haven t got it by now , we re not going to get it ."
she said she enjoyed working with oxygen and wasn t pushed out .
the only editing oxygen ever did was to urge her not to use a particular slang for penis .
"talk sex is oxygen s most popular late night show , and its ratings among young viewers this season were the best ever , the network said ."
material from the show will continue to be available on oxygen s web site and on demand .
johanson said she isn t retiring and will continue to give lectures .
"i m a ham , she said . i love a large audience ."
"microsoft is not pursuing other deals following the withdrawal of its . billion takeover bid for yahoo , chairman bill gates said wednesday ."
gates said in tokyo that the company put a lot of effort in the talks with yahoo and had decided that the two should pursue independent paths .
"over the weekend , microsoft withdrew its three month old unsolicited bid for yahoo after seeing the impasse with the internet search engine s board over a mutually acceptable sales price ."
"now at this point , microsoft is focused on its independent strategy , gates told reporters at a news conference in tokyo ."
"those comments seemed to set a different tone than on tuesday in south korea , where he said the company was not ruling out alternative partnerships after the failure to buy yahoo ."
"microsoft chief executive steve ballmer had orally offered to pay per share or . billion for yahoo , up from an initial bid valued at . billion , or per share ."
yahoo s board wanted per share a price that the company s stock has not reached in more than two years .
"microsoft trails google in the online search and advertising markets , and the bid for yahoo was an attempt at turning that around ."
"we certainly are concerned about what we saw on the tape , police commissioner charles ramsey told reporters wednesday afternoon ."
"but having said that , we do expect them to maintain a standard of conduct on the street that is above reproach , he said ."
ramsey earlier said an internal investigation was underway into the incident caught on video monday by wxtf tv .
the video shows at least a dozen police officers pulling the suspects out of a car after a vehicle chase monday night .
"at least eight officers are seen either kicking , punching or striking the suspects with batons while the men lie restrained on the ground ."
two men are struck at least times each .
ramsey said a sergeant and five officers have been removed from street duty in connection with the incident so far .
"he said he has been in contact with the district attorney s office , which will receive a copy of the tape and decide whether to file criminal charges ."
"authorities are still in the process of identifying the officers on the tape , he said , and have sent the video to be enhanced . we re going to continue our investigation , he said ."
"it is not acceptable , of course , to do anything less than the professional standards we expect from our police officers , mayor michael nutter said . the behavior that was at least exhibited on the tape is unacceptable ."
russia s new president dmitry medvedev wasted no time in knuckling down to work naming his predecessor vladimir putin as his new prime minister two hours after he was sworn in .
"two months after winning the election , medvedev , , was inaugurated as president wednesday at the kremlin before , invited guests in a ceremony with marching soldiers and military music . he became the third russian president since the collapse of the soviet union in ."
"within hours , medvedev named putin as prime minister , according to the itar tass news agency ."
putin s new role and his position as head of the ruling united russia party raise questions about how much power medvedev will actually have .
the inauguration featured putin almost as much as the new president .
putin delivered the first speech and stood just behind medvedev when he was sworn in to his four year term .
"i fully understand the burden of responsibility that i will be shouldering , medvedev said in his inaugural speech . i want to thank from my heart president vladimir vladimirovich putin for his invariable personal support that i have always felt , and i am sure that this will continue ."
"medvedev won the march election with an overwhelming majority but almost no campaign platform , said oksana antonenko of the international institute for strategic studies in london . now that medvedev has taken office , his real work begins , she said ."
"tokyo , japan cnn a strong earthquake struck off the coast of japan early thursday , the national meteorological agency said , waking up people miles away in tokyo ."
"two people suffered minor injuries from falling furniture , public television broadcaster nhk reported ."
"an year old man was hit when his stereo speakers fell onto his bed , and a year old man was hit by objects rattled off shelves ."
"there were no other immediate reports of injuries or damage from the magnitude . earthquake , nhk said ."
no tsunami warning was issued .
"the earthquake occurred at a . m . offshore at a depth of about miles , according to the u . s . geological survey . the epicenter was about miles northeast of tokyo ."
"a second quake with a magnitude of . struck the same area about minutes later , and more aftershocks could follow , tamotsu aketagawa , an official who monitors earthquakes for the country s meteorological agency , told the associated press ."
"since it was a very large scale earthquake , we would expect to see some modest aftershocks , he said ."
japan is one of the most earthquake prone countries in the world because it sits atop four tectonic plates .
"tokyo has not been hit by a major quake since , when , people died in the great kanto earthquake ."
"the drawn out democratic presidential race is producing negative dividends in terms of strife within the party , said a key senate supporter of sen . hillary clinton s white house bid ."
"a day after the indiana and north carolina primaries bolstered sen . barack obama s candidacy , sen . dianne feinstein , d california and a superdelegate , said she wants to talk to clinton to see what her view is on the rest of the race ."
"feinstein , who described herself as very loyal to clinton , said the question comes whether she can get the delegates that she needs and i d like to know what the strategy is to do that ."
"superdelegates made up of governors , senators , house members and various other party officials or members are also known as unpledged delegates ."
"they are free to choose the candidate they like , while pledged delegates are assigned in primaries and caucuses ."
"obama and clinton are running such a tight race that after millions of votes and months of campaigning , neither candidate is expected to have the , delegates needed to seal the nomination before the august convention , and the superdelegates could send a candidate over the top ."
"many superdelegates pledge allegiance to a candidate well before the party convention , but they can change their minds ."
feinstein predicted her party will unify in order to defeat presumptive republican nominee sen . john mccain of arizona .
but she said there is an emotional component in all of this .
"just as i feel loyal to sen . clinton , others feel loyal to sen . obama and we re in the same party and it makes it very difficult ."
so i think we want to minimize that as much as we can .
feinstein said she called clinton two days ago but hasn t yet heard back from the new york senator .
"amy winehouse has been arrested on suspicion of drugs possession , police and her spokesman said wednesday ."
"winehouse s spokesman , chris goodman , said the arrest is connected to a video that is alleged to show the troubled singer taking drugs at a party in her home in north london ."
britain s the sun tabloid in january published still images from a video that it claimed showed winehouse inhaling fumes from a small pipe .
the images were said to have been filmed during a party at her london home .
"based on the same data , , people are missing in the irrawaddy delta , which has a population of nearly six million people , villarosa said ."
"a united nations official said nearly , square miles , square km of the hard hit delta are still underwater ."
villarosa also said about percent of the buildings in the region were destroyed when cyclone nargis battered the area late friday into saturday .
dutch coach marco van basten has named real madrid forwards ruud van nistelrooy and arjen robben in his preliminary man squad for euro . van nistelrooy underwent surgery on his right ankle in march and only returned to full training late last month .
"meanwhile , robben , who has suffered a string of injuries this season , scored as madrid beat osasuna on sunday to retain their spanish league title ."
joining van nistelrooy and robben in the squad are liverpool pair dirk kuyt and ryan babel .
van basten will cut the squad to players on may .
the final player squad has to be announced by may .
"the netherlands , whose only major title came at the european championship in , are in what is widely regarded as the toughest group at the june tournament in austria and switzerland ."
"group c also includes world champions italy , france and romania ."
captain and goalkeeper edwin van der sar will join the squad late in its preparations as manchester united play in the champions league final against chelsea in moscow on may .
"tokyo , japan cnn hundreds of pro tibet demonstrators protested in tokyo on tuesday as chinese president hu jintao arrived for the first state visit by a chinese president in nearly a decade ."
"the president arrived to the sound of applause and well wishes from supporters while protesters demonstrated a few miles away , in downtown tokyo ."
they shouted free tibet !
and carried signs that said the genocide olympics .
"tibet is a thorny issue between the two nations , but japan has indicated it is encouraged by weekend talks between chinese officials and envoys of the dalai lama . protesters said those talks are not enough and urged stronger action ."
but prime minister yasuo fukuda is not listening to our voices .
hu is in tokyo as a state guest in a sign of warming relations between the two nations .
"japan hopes to discuss global warming , food safety and oil exploration in the east china sea ."
"hu is scheduled to meet with prime minister yasuo fukuda , the japanese emperor and business and political leaders ."
"sen . hillary clinton will narrowly win in indiana , cnn projects , edging out sen . barack obama by a percent margin ."
"the focus of the contest shifted to lake county , home to percent of indiana s population ."
there were delegates at stake in north carolina and in indiana .
obama earlier claimed a decisive victory in north carolina .
"with percent of precincts reporting , obama held a point lead over clinton ."
"but today , what north carolina decided is that the only game that needs changing is the one in washington , obama told supporters in raleigh , north carolina ."
"obama took an overwhelming percent of the black vote in north carolina , according to exit polls , while clinton claimed only percent ."
"clinton took percent of the white vote compared to percent for obama , according to the polls ."
"clinton told her supporters in indianapolis , it s full speed on to the white house ."
"the senator from new york turned her attention to the upcoming contests in west virginia , kentucky and oregon ."
"surging prices for copper , zinc and nickel have some in congress trying to bring back the steel made pennies of world war ii and maybe using steel for nickels , as well ."
"copper and nickel prices have tripled since and the price of zinc has quadrupled , said rep . luis gutierrez , d illinois , whose subcommittee oversees the u . s . mint ."
"keeping the coin content means contributing to our national debt by almost as much as the coin is worth , gutierrez said ."
"a penny , which consists of . percent zinc and . percent copper , cost . cents to make as of tuesday . and a nickel percent copper and the rest nickel cost . cents , based on current commodity prices , according to the mint ."
"that s down from the end of , when even higher metal prices drove the penny s cost to . cents , according to the mint ."
the cost of making a nickel then was nearly a dime .
gutierrez estimated that striking the two coins at costs well above their face value set the treasury and taxpayers back about million last year alone .
"on tuesday , the house debated a bill that directs the treasury secretary to suggest a new , more economical composition of the nickel and the penny ."
"paris , france cnn interpol has launched a global appeal to identify a man who is pictured sexually abusing young boys in hundreds of images on the internet ."
tuesday s appeal is the second time that interpol an organization that facilitates global cooperation among police agencies has asked for the public s help in identifying a suspected pedophile .
"the first time , last october , led to an arrest ten days later ."
"the man is featured in photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of six and , interpol said ."
"the suspect in the latest case is a white man , shown with gray , thinning hair in six photos released by interpol ."
he appears to be in his late s or early s in the images .
"interpol said that despite two years of investigations , it and other police agencies have so far been unable to determine his identity , nationality or whereabouts ."
interpol posted six photos of the suspect on its web site .
"the pictures came to light in , when norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested ."
"while these images were only discovered two years ago , we believe the photographs were taken between april and may , so clearly this man will be older than he appears in the pictures , kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol s trafficking in human beings unit , said in a news release ."
"last october , interpol disseminated pictures of another man whose face appeared in more than images of sex acts with children ."
"it dubbed its operation vico , because the images were thought to have been taken in vietnam and cambodia ."
"ten days later , christopher paul neil a year old canadian man who had been working as an english language teacher in south korea was arrested in thailand and charged with child abuse ."
"following the success of that operation , the organization s general assembly approved a resolution allowing interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations ."
"chile s chaiten volcano spewed clouds of gray smoke , hot rocks and toxic gas on tuesday , forcing authorities to issue an evacuation order for the more than people who remained in the town of chaiten , emergency officials said ."
"the country s emergency office said the evacuation order was issued after the volcano erupted around a . m . , emitting pyroclastic flows or mixtures of hot , dry rock fragments and hot gases ."
"five boats will transport the remaining emergency officials , reporters , residents and others from the town , government spokesman francisco vidal told cnn en espanol ."
"three helicopters were assisting , the country s emergency office said ."
"we hope that this takes place in the most optimal way , president michelle bachelet said , according to her web site ."
video showed the evacuees wearing face masks and carrying luggage as they walked toward the shore .
most parents held their children by the hand .
"the evacuees will be transported to castro , across the moraleda canal , or to puerto montt , about miles kilometers north of chaiten ."
"the majority of the some , chaiten evacuees are staying in those two cities , the country s emergency office said on its web site ."
some residents from nearby futaleufu were also evacuated .
"a small contingent of police and military remain in chaiten , officials said ."
"the volcano , which is about about miles about , kilometers south of the chilean capital , santiago , began erupting early friday , raining gray ash onto chaiten ."
"zimbabwe state media have reported that the ruling party has opened its runoff campaign , urging president robert mugabe s supporters to get out to vote and denouncing violence ."
the state owned herald quotes zanu pf spokesman nathan shamuyarira as saying monday many supporters did not vote during the first round on march because they assumed there was no threat to mugabe s rule .
"electoral commission officials announced on friday that opposition leader morgan tsvangirai won the most votes , but not the simple majority needed to avoid a runoff with second place finisher mugabe s ."
"the opposition has dismissed those results as fraudulent , claiming tsvangirai won outright , and has not yet said whether he would contest a runoff ."
"electoral commission officials announced friday neither mugabe nor tsvangirai won a simple majority in march , making a runoff necessary ."
"intensifying violence , food shortages and widespread drought are driving an increasing number of somalis to seek asylum in yemen , the united nations refugee agency said tuesday ."
"more than , refugees have arrived in the yemeni port city of aden since january , compared with , people in the first four months of , according to a spokesperson for the united nations high commissioner for refugees ."
many of those seeking asylum brave treacherous boat trips across the gulf of aden .
"consequently , the number of boats landing in aden has jumped from to since january while the number of fatalities has remained constant , according to unhcr ."
"the agency attributed the surge to strife in somalia , where riots continued in the capital city of mogadishu for the second day tuesday ."
"according to news reports , somali soldiers killed at least two people monday during the protests over rising food prices ."
somali refugees pay as much as to cross the gulf of aden in search of asylum .
"because of its proximity to the war torn country , yemen is a common destination for somalis fleeing economic hardship , famine and war ."
yemen is also an attractive location because somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow muslim country .
"new smuggling routes across the red sea have also led to increased numbers of refugees in yemen , according to the unhcr ."
refugees often die before reaching yemen because of dangerous sea conditions and overcrowded vessels .
cnn most people are vaccinated against pertussis as kids .
but here s a surprise
"it s come roaring back since an all time low in the s , largely due to waning immunity in adults who received shots in early childhood ."
"the centers for disease control and prevention cdc now recommends that all adults get a pertussis booster shot to strengthen their immunity , yet only percent of adults have had their shots updated ."
experts say that s just one of several vaccines you may need now .
whooping cough vaccine
"the good news if you get your regular tetanus diptheria td booster every years , you won t need an extra jab for pertussis ."
"vaccine makers have added a pertussis component to that booster , so next time you re due for your td booster request the tdap ."
and there s no harm in getting the tdap as long as two years have passed since your last td booster .
"if pertussis isn t caught in the first few weeks , the infection may take three months to run its course ."
"the greatest danger is to babies , who almost always catch it from unvaccinated adults ."
chicken pox vaccine
varivax
more than percent of women in their childbearing years are immune to chicken pox because they had it as kids .
the rest should be vaccinated before they try to get pregnant because catching the illness during pregnancy can lead to devastating birth defects .
"once you get the vaccine which was introduced in , the cdc says you should delay trying to conceive for at least one month , due to the small risk that the fetus can get the virus from the vaccine ."
chicken pox complications are much more frequent and severe in adults than children and can include life threatening pneumonia and encephalitis brain inflammation .
and people who ve had it are also at risk for shingles .
shingles vaccine
zostavax
"if you ve had chicken pox , you have a significant risk of developing shingles , a painful reawakening of the chicken pox virus ."
"worse , in nearly percent of cases in adults in their s , shingles progresses to postherpetic neuralgia , an often agonizing form of nerve damage that can linger for years ."
the mumps vaccine
mmr booster
"the measles mumps rubella mmr vaccine , a must for kids , is back in the adult vaccine lineup , too ."
mumps can be painful and sometimes dangerous .
"there s the textbook swelling of salivary glands around the neck , but some women also suffer from inflammation of the ovaries ."
"in rare instances , mumps can trigger life threatening encephalitis ."
travelers diseases vaccine
"influenza outbreaks frequently occur on cruise ships , even during summer voyages to northern destinations like alaska ."
"in addition , visitors to asia should talk to their doctors about vaccine protection against typhoid and japanese encephalitis ."
visitors to the meningitis belt of central africa should get a meningococcal vaccine .
and yellow fever vaccines are important for travelers to much of south america and parts of africa .
hepatitis b vaccine
recombivax hb or engerix b
"both vaccines protect against the hepatitis b virus , which is spread through sexual contact or contaminated needles and blood ."
an infection can lead to dangerous liver disease .
"oil futures blasted to a new record near a barrel tuesday , gaining momentum as investors bought on a forecast of much higher prices and on any news hinting at supply shortages ."
"retail gas prices edged lower , but appear poised to rise to new records of their own in coming weeks ."
"a new goldman sachs prediction that oil prices could rise to to within two years seemed to motivate much of tuesday s buying , although a falling dollar and increasing concerns about declining crude production in mexico and russia contributed , analysts say ."
"the energy department raised its oil and gasoline price forecasts , but also predicted that high prices will cut demand more than previously thought ."
"light , sweet crude for june delivery jumped to a new record of . a barrel before retreating to settle up . at . on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"oil prices have nearly doubled from about a barrel a year ago , which goldman sees as a sign that the world is in the midst of a super spike in oil prices ."
analyst arjun murti said in a research note released monday that prices would ultimately force demand to fall sharply .
not everyone shares goldman s view .
"tim evans , an analyst at citigroup inc . , countered goldman s analysis with a note predicting that crude prices could as easily fall to a barrel as rise to over the next two years because supplies are , as evans put it , comfortable ."
"washington cnn about people , including students majoring in homeland security and criminal justice , were arrested tuesday in an undercover drug sting at san diego state university , officials said ."
"among those arrested , were students , one of them a criminal justice major charged with possession of guns and cocaine , authorities said ."
one student allegedly dealing cocaine was a month short of obtaining a master s degree in homeland security at the california school and worked under campus police as a student community service officer .
"campus police initiated the investigation about a year ago , after a student s fatal overdose in may , said university president steve weber ."
"about five months ago , as the investigation evolved , campus police sought and received help from the u . s . drug enforcement administration ."
there was a second overdose death in february at a fraternity house .
"in addition to facing criminal charges , the students have been suspended from school and evicted from campus housing , he said ."
"twenty one people who are not students were arrested recently on a variety of drug charges , officials said ."
"damon mosler , chief of the narcotics division for the san diego county district attorney s office , was surprised by what he described as the dealers openness about what they were doing ."
"officials say the evidence seized as part of operation sudden fall includes four pounds of cocaine , pounds of marijuana and ecstasy pills ."
"authorities also took one shotgun , three semiautomatic pistols and , ."
"in all , authorities confiscated more than , worth of drugs , mosler said ."
"bags of marijuana weighing four or five pounds would sell for , to , , he said , and a kilogram of cocaine would sell for about , ."
"sen . barack obama will win the north carolina democratic primary , cnn projects , but the race in indiana is still too close to call ."
obama will pick up the larger share of north carolina s delegates .
"with percent of indiana precincts reporting , sen . hillary clinton leads obama percent ."
there are delegates at stake in indiana .
poll workers in indiana and north carolina reported heavy turnout in the two primaries that could be pivotal in the democratic presidential nomination battle .
"turnout in the north carolina democratic primary was expected to reach percent , according to gary bartlett , executive director for the north carolina board of elections ."
"that figure would far exceed the percent to percent that usually turn out for a primary , he said ."
the indiana secretary of state s office said turnout was high throughout the day .
"indiana secretary of state todd rokita will not release official figures until the end of the day , but said turnout looked more like a general election than a primary ."
"according to early exit polls , half of clinton s supporters in indiana would not vote for obama in a general election match up with sen . john mccain , the presumptive republican presidential nominee ."
"a third of clinton voters said they would pick mccain over obama , while percent said they would not vote at all ."
forty eight percent of clinton supporters said they would back obama in november .
obama got even less support from clinton backers in north carolina where percent of clinton supporters said they would vote for him over mccain .
thirty eight percent of clinton supporters said they would vote for mccain while percent said they would not vote .
obama voters appear to be more willing to support clinton in november .
"in indiana , percent of obama backers said they d vote for clinton , and percent of obama backers in north carolina said vote for her against mccain ."
"cnn the leader of an apocalyptic new mexico church who claims to be the messiah was arrested tuesday on sex charges , state police said ."
"wayne bent , who also goes by the name michael travesser , was arrested at the compound that is home to his lord our righteousness church , called strong city by members ."
"he was being interviewed , said state police spokesman peter olson ."
the arrests come after three children were removed from the compound late last month .
a tuesday post on the group s web site said bent was arrested tuesday morning .
"i was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , said the post , written by an unnamed follower . the bail was set at half a million dollars ."
"the lord our righteousness church was founded in by former seventh day adventists , according to the group s web site . since that time , many have joined who do not have their roots in adventism ."
bent said on the web site that god revealed to him in that he is the messiah .
"last month , authorities removed two girls and a boy from the compound ."
"the reasons for their removal are not publicly known , but the removals gained attention because they came after more than children were removed from the texas ranch of an offshoot mormon sect that practices polygamy . those children remain in state custody ."
"bent has acknowledged having sex with his followers , but authorities will not divulge who the alleged victims are ."
the united nations and the red cross began distributing relief supplies tuesday to people affected by the devastating cyclone that hit myanmar friday .
"the first relief to arrive came from stocks that were already in the country , as aid agencies struggle to transport supplies into myanmar from abroad and to distribute them to the areas that need them most ."
"clearing roads is a high priority in order to move supplies urgently to the population in need , the world health organization said in a written statement ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"troubled pop star britney spears will be allowed to spend more time with her sons under modified custody arrangements agreed upon at a hearing tuesday , attorneys for spears ex husband , kevin federline , told reporters afterward ."
"while an order giving federline custody of year old sean preston and year old jayden james remains in place , attorney mark vincent kaplan said spears time with the children will gradually be extended ."
"he said federline is pleased with the agreement , and he and his attorneys feel that spears has stabilized in the months following two hospitalizations earlier this year ."
"a court spokesman also read a statement from spears parents , jamie and lynne , which said they are pleased with their daughter s progress and with the outcome of the hearing ."
thousands of people rioted in the streets of the somali capital on monday to protest rising food prices and shops refusal to accept somali currency .
witnesses said two protesters were shot dead by somali soldiers who were guarding buildings that were attacked by demonstrators .
it is saddening that the very government which is supposed to support him killed him .
"abdi ud , a journalist with somalia s shabelle media network , said the protesters were angry because mogadishu shopkeepers refused to accept somali shillings and instead demanded payment in u . s . dollars ."
"shops throughout the city closed down in fear of the demonstrations , he said ."
the united nations recently warned of a deteriorating humanitarian situation in somalia as a result of soaring food prices and a worsening drought .
"about . million somalis now need assistance more than a third of the country s population , representing a rise of percent since january , according to a may u . n . news release ."
"the problem in mogadishu has been compounded by heavy fighting between somali government forces , backed by ethiopian troops , and islamist fighters ."
"the u . n . says , people fled the capital after bloody battles last month , joining a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate tops million ."
a malaysian minister has shot down a colleague s plan to restrict women who travel abroad alone .
foreign minister rais yatim had wanted the women to carry a letter from parents verifying the reason for the journey .
he said this would weed out genuine travelers from those being used as drug carriers .
but home minister syed hamid albar said monday such a plan will not be practical .
cnn heavy snow and high winds have delayed climbers from carrying the olympic flame to the top of the world s highest peak .
"chinese officials said at a monday media briefing that winds gusts were measured up to mph km h on everest s north slope , making a climb too treacherous to attempt ."
"a snow storm buried camps erected along the route , an official said ."
"secrecy kept journalists at the base camp from knowing when the climb to everest s peak , meters , feet above sea level might begin ."
"one official said the events were going according to plan , but he declined to elaborate on what the plan was ."
"a team of climbers , staged since last month at the advanced base camp needs four to six days of good weather to reach the summit and return down the mountain , one official said ."
"despite the secrecy ahead of the effort , elaborate technical plans are in place so that china s official television network cctv can broadcast the ascent live ."
"a camera is expected to follow the flame to the peak , if all goes as planned ."
"cnn britain s prince harry was honored on monday for his recent military service in afghanistan , which was cut short after news of his mission became public ."
"the year old was among members of his regiment who were awarded the operational service medal for afghanistan at the combermere barracks in windsor , west of london ."
"dressed in desert camouflage , he received the medal from the princess royal his aunt anne while his brother prince william , father prince charles and girlfriend chelsy davy watched in support ."
"britain s press association reported that he grinned and blushed as the princess pinned the medal on his chest , and that they chatted before he moved off smiling ."
"harry served for about weeks in helmand province earlier this year before details of his deployment were reported around the world , having intended to complete a four month detachment ."
"his commanding officer in afghanistan , lieutenant colonel edward smyth osbourne , who hands over command of the household cavalry regiment this week , was also present at the ceremony , pa reported ."
"after the ceremony , harry and his comrades marched across windsor from their barracks to a church for a thanksgiving service ."
"the march was supported by hundreds of members of the public , including retired housewife joey jones , ."
"i thought i would come to support the soldiers and especially because prince harry was parading , she told pa ."
i think they have a rotten job and for what they re doing out there we should show some support .
"the death toll from the myanmar cyclone is more than , people , myanmar s government has said ."
survivors were facing their third night without electricity in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that also clogged roads with thousands of downed trees .
diplomats were summoned to a government briefing monday as the reclusive southeast asian country s ruling military junta issued a rare appeal for international assistance in the face of an escalating humanitarian crisis .
a state of emergency was declared across much of the country following the hour storm that left swathes of destruction in its wake .
"the death toll of more than , , official sources told the chinese state run news agency xinhua , makes the weekend cyclone the deadliest natural disaster to hit myanmar in recent history , according to figures compiled by a u . n . funded disaster database ."
"the toll eclipses that from a wind storm the killed about , people in the country , according to the database ."
"the government of neighboring thailand said myanmar s leaders had already requested food , medical supplies and construction equipment , ap reported ."
"the first plane load of supplies was due to arrive tuesday , a thai spokesman said ."
united nations secretary general ban ki moon said in a statement he was deeply saddened by the loss of life and the destruction suffered by the people of myanmar and pledged to mobilize international aid and assistance as needed .
"a united nations disaster assessment and coordination team is on stand by to assist the government in responding to humanitarian needs if required , the statement said ."
"berlin , germany cnn police discovered the bodies of three dead babies in a freezer of a single family home in western germany , and their mother is the only suspect in the case , authorities said monday ."
"the freezer was in the cellar of a house in the city of wenden , and the babies appeared to have died shortly after birth , police said ."
"she admitted all three of the dead babies were her children , and said she possibly was the person who put the babies in the freezer ."
"the woman , , her husband , and their three children , ages , , and , live in the home ."
one of the children found the corpses by chance when opening the freezer to look for food .
"the child noticed the freezer was cluttered and decided it needed to be cleaned , then found the corpses wrapped in towels and newspapers and placed in three plastic bags buried under piles of items ."
"one of the newspapers dated from december , leading police to believe that was when that body was placed there ."
they said none of the five family members at the house purportedly ever noticed the woman was pregnant .
"it s a tale of homeland security concerns blocking wildlife management , and the hue and cry that ensues ."
"when most people think of jaguars , they think of the jungles of central and south america , not the remote desert ranges between the united states and mexico ."
"that region is known as mountain lion country , and that s what rancher warner glenn thought he was tracking when he saddled up his mules on a summer day years ago near douglas , arizona ."
"glenn has hunted mountain lions for years , since he was eight years old ."
but glenn was stunned when he saw what his hunting dogs had chased up to a high mountain perch .
the rancher took what s believed to be the first photo of a live jaguar in the united states . but it wasn t his last .
"in , some miles away , glenn and his hunting party again cornered a jaguar a different one ."
"jaguars , an endangered species , have a breeding population in northern mexico ."
scientists believe there are no more than left in the wild there .
"it s believed that since , the cats are only visitors north of the border ."
but glenn and other conservationists worry that the possible return of breeding jaguars to the united states could be stopped in its tracks .
the reason the border fence .
last month the department of homeland security waived environmental laws to finish miles of the fence by the end of the year .
"mountain lion tracker jack childs also worries about the impact of the fence on local wildlife , especially the jaguar ."
"childs captured the first video of a live jaguar in the late summer of , a few months after warner glenn ."
i knew historically there had been a few jaguars sighted in arizona but in the last hundred years never in any numbers .
"los angeles , california cnn marion ravenwood might have been speaking for us all when she set eyes on indiana jones for the first time in years ."
indiana jones .
i always knew someday you d come walking back through my door .
"it s been years since indy literally rode off into the sunset in indiana jones and the last crusade , but like marion , could anyone doubt that the world s most famous tomb raider would come back into our lives one day ?"
"for years , indy has stood as one of cinema s ultimate everyman heroes , a poster boy for the idea that there are some good men you can never , ever keep down ."
"he s just like us , said george lucas , who dreamed up the character and re teams with director steven spielberg and harrison ford as indy for indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , due out may ."
"he makes lots of mistakes , lucas said ."
he kind of goofs up .
he s just an average joe that s always in over his head that somehow seems to get through it .
"the new movie co stars cate blanchett as irina spalko , a russian operative with crisp black bangs who s after the crystal skull of akator , an ancient artifact that could help the soviet union dominate the world ."
"ray winstone plays a new indy ally , and the film also co stars john hurt and jim broadbent ."
"raiders fans are thrilled over the return of karen allen as marion , while shia labeouf plays indy s new sidekick , mutt williams ."
"fans have speculated that mutt is the love child of indy and marion , though the filmmakers won t say ."
"sens . barack obama and hillary clinton hit each other hard monday , a day before contests in north carolina and indiana that could break the deadlock over who will be the democratic nominee for president ."
the democratic rivals traded shots over clinton s proposal that the government do away with the federal gas tax for the summer and make up the budget shortfall by taxing what she calls oil companies windfall profits .
"obama has dismissed the proposal , saying it s unlikely to help consumers or to become law , prompting clinton to accuse him of being out of touch with the hard working american consumer and the middle class ."
". . . i guess i m just feeling more of the concerns that people have , and they want relief , she said on cnn s american morning on monday ."
obama denied being insensitive .
i understand how badly people are hurting .
"if we re serious about helping them , let s provide them some relief , but let s not pretend that we re doing something by suggesting a gas tax holiday that will not be paid for and frankly , it is very unlikely that you d see president george bush sign , he said in a separate interview on the same program ."
the two also exchanged accusations over clinton s recent comment that the united states could obliterate iran if the islamic state were to attack israel with nuclear weapons .
"clinton said she intended to communicate that there would be a very , very high price to pay if iran attacked the u . s . ally , but that nobody wants to go to war with iran ."
"obama is ahead of clinton in the north carolina polls , while cnn s latest poll of polls suggests clinton is up in indiana after the two have long been tied there ."
"a week after becoming involved in an embarrassing incident with three male cross dressers , international soccer phenomenon ronaldo luis nazario de lima has unburdened himself before the news media , declaring , i am completely heterosexual ."
"in his first public discussion of the event , the ac milan player"
"recounted his version of events in an interview sunday with brazil s tv globo program fantastico , saying , i regret it ."
"he said he thought he was dealing with female prostitutes , and tried to cancel the rendezvous when he found they were not , but they then tried to extort money from him in return for not telling the media about the incident ."
"prostitution is not a crime in brazil . police are investigating whether extortion , which is a crime , may have been involved ."
"as night fell on myanmar monday , some survivors faced their third night of darkness in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that robbed them of electricity , clogged roads with thousands of downed trees and , the government said , took more than , lives ."
"tropical cyclone nargis pummeled yangon for more than hours from friday night into saturday , dumping inches of rain and pounding some areas with mph k hr winds ."
"video from the scene showed residents in some areas hacking their way through downed trees and trudging through knee deep , swirling brown water ."
"thousands of tropical trees had been ripped up and thrown down , some into roadways ."
"this has pushed people to the edge , said hakan tongkul , with the united nation s world food programme , who spoke to cnn from yangon . all that they have has been blown away ."
yahoo shares fell more than percent monday as hopes for the once dominant internet icon dimmed following microsoft s withdrawal of a . billion takeover bid .
the sell off wiped out nearly half the gain in yahoo s stock price since microsoft made its initial offer on january in an effort to challenge online advertising and search leader google .
the downturn left yahoo s market value about billion below microsoft s last offer .
"in late morning trading monday , yahoo shares shed . , or . percent , to . , below friday s close of . , when investors were still hopeful about a deal ."
"microsoft shares rose nearly percent , or cents , to . ."
"the shares had declined percent to . since the bid , reflecting concerns that the proposed marriage would turn into a complicated mess that would enable google to grow even stronger ."
"shares in google went up nearly percent , or . , to . ."
new york cnn tom hanks is supporting presidential hopeful barack obama .
"hanks has taken to his myspace . com page to pledge his support for obama , who is competing to be the first black president ."
"obama , who faces rival hillary clinton for the democratic nomination , has also been endorsed by oprah winfrey , bruce springsteen and scarlett johansson ."
celebrity endorsement .
"history with a capital h is going to be made this november , no matter who the president elect is . i want barack obama to be president of this country , a country that once said people with his skin color were only three fifths of a human being ."
"it s because of his character and vision , and the high road he has taken during this campaign . he has the integrity and the inspiration to unify us , as did fdr and harry truman and john f . kennedy and even ronald reagan when they ran for the job ."
"the actor says obama and clinton have each pretended to eat cheese steak sandwiches and go bowling , committed gaffes and distanced themselves from supporters who could damage their campaigns ."
"but hanks thinks an obama presidency could bring about a seismic shift , and live up to the great promise once shaped by our founding fathers ."
"signing off , the star says i m tom hanks , i wrote and approved this message , and i m now going to turn off the camera ."
"beijing , china cnn more than , chinese children have contracted hand foot mouth disease , and although it is a common childhood illness , its rapid spread and the children it has killed have raised concerns in china , state run media reported monday ."
the reported number of infected children all are below the age of increased dramatically monday .
"state run media had initially said , children were infected , but reports from other provinces increased the number by more than , ."
hand foot mouth has no relation to the foot and mouth disease that affects farm animals .
"the provincial government has quarantined patients and controlled movement in and out of fuyang , the town in anhui province where the outbreak started in mid march , and where the children died ."
"authorities there have closed the schools and kindergartens , and are spraying the streets with disinfectant ."
"extra beds crowd hospital corridors to deal with sick , feverish and in some cases dying children ."
"we have to do more prevention work and to inform the people about the virus so they can do more to keep away from it , said chinese vice health minister liu qian ."
"in milder cases , ev can cause cold like symptoms , diarrhea , and sores on the hands , feet and mouth ."
"but more severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio like paralysis and death ."
there is no effective antiviral treatment for severe ev infections and no vaccine is available .
"adults well developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention ."
"the virus has now surfaced in half a dozen provinces in china , plus the capital beijing , according to state run media ."
"we don t know yet if these are separate outbreaks or if it has spread from one source , said dr . hans troedsson of the world health organization . i think it s from different sources but we don t know that yet ."
officials in fuyang have been accused of sitting on information of the outbreak last month even as children were dying .
but a who official said weeks passed between the outbreak in mid march and the first reports by local officials because they did not know what they were dealing with .
"health officials are also concerned about the outbreak because the deaths occurred in two regions , anhui and the southern province of guangdong ."
the who warned that hand foot mouth disease is a summer illness public health officials expect the number of cases to peak in june or july .
sen . john mccain said monday the tenor of the immigration debate has hurt the way hispanic voters view the republican party .
"i believe the majority of hispanics share our view that the border must be secured , and the border must be secured first , mccain said in phoenix , arizona ."
"but they also want us to have an attitude which i think most americans do , that these are god s children and they must be taken care of ."
"the senator from arizona used cinco de mayo as a launching pad for a new spanish language web site on monday , and he emphasized his stance on immigration and border security as he tried to court the hispanic vote ."
"when president bush was re elected in , he received percent of the hispanic vote , but that was before the divisive political debate erupted over illegal immigration ."
"mccain is seen as a moderate republican when it comes to immigration reform , but the conservative base of his party has taken a hard line approach on the issue ."
"in , mccain angered some in his party when he and democratic sen . ted kennedy unsuccessfully pushed for a comprehensive immigration reform bill that included a path to citizenship ."
mccain now says he would focus first on securing the borders before offering other ways to deal with illegal immigration .
"illinois sen . barack obama on sunday accused sen . hillary clinton of echoing the bluster of president bush when she threatened to obliterate iran if it used nuclear weapons against israel . this kind of language is not helpful , he told nbc s meet the press sunday morning ."
"when iran is able to go to the united nations complaining about the statements made and get some sympathy , that s a sign that we are taking the wrong approach ."
"clinton , the new york senator and former first lady , stood her ground on abc s this week , saying warnings of massive retaliation are needed to keep the islamic republic in check ."
"the bush administration has accused iran of working to obtain nuclear weapons , an allegation officials in tehran deny ."
they have to know that they would face massive retaliation . that is the only way to rein them in .
"the city of yangon , irrawaddy , pegu and the states of karen and mon ."
"all flights to yangon , the former capital , were canceled ."
"the military rulers of myanmar , formerly known as burma , put the death toll around , according to media reports ."
"disappeared , said khin maung win with the democratic voice of burma a broadcast media group run by opposition expatriates ."
"havana , cuba cnn computers went on sale friday for cubans private use , the latest in a series of goods to become available under the communist government s new president ."
"at about apiece , the qtech brand computers are within the reach of only a few cubans , whose average monthly salary is ."
fewer still will be able to gain the government permission needed to gain access to the internet from their homes .
"president raul castro recently announced that electrical devices , including dvd players , electric rice cookers and mopeds that run on rechargeable batteries would be made available to the public ."
"computers were on that original list , but shipments of the products only recently arrived on the island , officials said ."
many electrical devices had been forbidden during the special period that cubans endured after the collapse of the soviet union in .
"cubans with access to dollars can also buy cell phones and book hotel reservations other recent changes also ordered by raul castro , who was elected president in february after brother fidel gave up the job because of poor health ."
"los angeles , california cnn a mug shot of the year old actress , who has been in and out of rehab after two arrests last year on drunken driving and cocaine charges , was prominently featured friday in an advertisement attacking legislation for devices that measure a driver s blood alcohol level before their vehicle can start ."
"the full page black and white ad appeared in usa today on friday and was paid for by the american beverage institute , a trade group that supports the interests of the alcohol industry ."
"the ad reads ignition interlocks are a good idea for above lohan s mug shot from her july , , arrest and but a bad idea for us above smaller photos of people drinking ."
"the reason that we used lindsay lohan is because she s had multiple duis that have been high profile , american beverage institute managing director sarah longwell told the associated press ."
lawmakers in several states have passed bills that would require drunken driving offenders to pay for and install an ignition interlock system .
"under many such laws , the interlock requirement extends to first time offenders driving while highly intoxicated or with a blood alcohol level of . percent or higher ."
"usa today is idiotic to run such an irresponsible advertisement suggesting that drinking and driving is some kind of american tradition we should protect , lohan s lawyer , blair berk , said in a statement ."
the american beverage institute stood by its use of lohan s image .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif said friday that the ruling coalition on may will reinstate judges who were ousted by president pervez musharraf last year ."
the date was announced a day after sharif a leading member of the new coalition wrapped up talks with coalition partner pakistan people s party leader asif zardari in dubai on how to restore the judges .
"sharif said at a news conference in lahore , pakistan , that a parliamentary resolution would be introduced to restore the judges ."
the coalition government had vowed to reinstate the judges within days of taking office a deadline that expired wednesday night .
"in the wake of an emergency order that musharraf issued last november , at least judges were arrested some jailed and others placed under house arrest ."
"the arrests included nearly all of the justices on pakistan s supreme court , which was set to rule against the legitimacy of musharraf s third term in office ."
"shortly after taking office last month , the ppp led coalition government ordered the release of all the judges , but the two leaders had disagreed over how the judges would be restored to office ."
"the failure of the coalition government to fulfill its promise of restoring the judges within days had local media and many analysts questioning whether the coalition was fracturing , but both sides insist it is not in jeopardy ."
the ppp the party of former prime minister benazir bhutto who was assassinated last year won the majority of seats in february s parliamentary election ousting musharraf s ruling party from power .
"cambridge , massachusetts cnn the internet is setting a new standard for celebrity ."
"the internet allows the masses to wrest control of fame from traditional media , creating micro celebrities with the click of a mouse , says david weinberger of the harvard berkman center for internet and society ."
"weinberger focused on the internet celebrity in his keynote address at roflcon pronounced roffle con , a conference on internet culture held at mit ."
"some say roflcon is the biggest gathering of micro celebrities ever the internet , in person , as one organizer said ."
"among the panelists gem sweater fashionista leslie hall , tron guy jay maynard , fark . com founder drew curtis and world of warcraft character leeroy jenkins born ben shultz ."
"if you ve never heard of these people , don t worry ."
"at least a few internet users have , and that s all that matters ."
it is what makes internet celebrity so different from the tabloid fodder fame of folks like paris hilton and brittney spears .
"traditional celebrity lives and dies based on raw numbers how many magazines mention them , how many television shows feature them , how many people talk about them around the water cooler ."
"internet fame can be more intimate , weinberger says , more of a personal connection between the one and the few ."
a key question at roflcon is what makes one meme succeed when thousands of others fail .
"geoffrey golden of meteor games says , if we had the answer , we would be gazillionaires . it s what marketers , what everyone is trying to figure out ."
"the most successful meme today is lolcats , pictures of cats captioned with a unique blend of text speak , fractured grammar and internet in jokes ."
"the main repository can be found at a site called i can has cheezburger , which gets millions of page views every day ."
the word of mouth spread of any given meme is another aspect of how internet fame differs from traditional celebrity .
even the slickest pr effort can fail miserably if internet users choose to ignore it .
"adam lindsey , who created a computer language spinoff of lolcats called lolcode , said , if it is successful , all you are is sort of a midwife helping it into the world ."
"if you try to control a meme , so enjoy it without ego and let it take itself wherever it wants to go ."
"havana , cuba cnn cuba said wednesday that its crucial tourism industry appears to be recovering from a two year slump , with a percent increase in visitors during the first quarter of the year ."
"the number of international visitors topped the million mark on monday , days faster than last year , state controlled news media reported ."
"officials credited well attended conferences and trade fairs for the increase , singling out an ongoing gathering dedicated to cultural tourism that has attracted more than , visitors ."
"maria elena lopez , a vice minister of tourism , reported a percent increase in foreign visitors this year compared with the first three months of , but she did not provide further data , according to the communist party daily granma ."
"the number of foreign tourists peaked at about . million in , but slipped to . last year , according to official statistics ."
"officials said the decline of , visitors in cut revenues by nearly . million below levels a blow to a nation that has turned to tourism to generate much of its hard currency revenue ."
"canada , britain , spain and italy rank as top sources of visitors to the island ."
"rafael nadal s clay court supremecy continued on thursday , with the spaniard winning his th match from on the surface to reach the quarterfinals of the barcelona open ."
"defending champion nadal worked hard for one hour , minutes to beat close friend and th seed feliciano lopez ."
"this is one of my favorite events and playing feliciano is always tough , said nadal , who had his left shoulder taped after complaining of pain in recent days ."
he faces title defences here and in rome before the french open after winning his fourth straight title in monte carlo against federer last
"one of osama bin laden s sons has been denied british residency because authorities believe his presence in the country would cause considerable public concern , the man s wife said thursday ."
"omar osama bin laden , a year old metals trader , had hoped to live in britain with his british born wife ."
"the couple lives in cairo , egypt , but she is eager to return to her country , where she has a home ."
"his wife , zaina alsabah , said his residency application was rejected , and showed the associated press a statement from the couple s legal firm quoting a british consular officer who said his residency in britain would not be conducive to the public good ."
"omar has not renounced his father , but says he wants to be an ambassador for peace between muslims and the west ."
"the couple plan a , mile horse race across north africa to draw attention to the cause of peace ."
alsabah said the couple would appeal the residency rejection .
"omar one of bin laden s children raised a tabloid storm last year when he married the year old british woman , jane felix browne , who changed her name to zaina alsabah ."
osama bin laden is believed to be hiding in the pakistan afghan border region .
president bush urged congress on thursday to approve million in new global food aid to be made available beginning in october .
"that s just the beginning of our efforts , he said at the white house . i think more needs to be done ."
"house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , promised quick action ."
"riots have broken out in egypt , haiti , yemen , bangladesh and other nations in response to the rising price of food , which has gone up percent internationally over the past year , a white house official said ."
"on tuesday , the united nations formed a task force to look at the problem ."
"of the million , million will be spent on emergency food aid , million on direct assistance to the u . s . agency for international development and million for development assistance , also through usaid , white house officials said after bush s speech ."
"the majority of the assistance is to be sent to africa , with none of it targeted for north korea , where dire food shortages have been under way for months , the white house officials said ."
"in a ritual that would terrify most mothers , indian villagers have cheered as screaming babies were dropped from a foot temple tower ."
"for years , worshippers at a muslim shrine in western india have continued the tradition a rite considered to bring good health and good luck to the children ."
"villagers say no babies have been injured during the ritual , which is practiced by muslims and hindus in musti village in the district of solapur , in the state of maharashtra ."
"but critics want the practice banned , with many saying it s unsafe ."
"the state has to interfere , said sanal edamaruku , founder and president of rationalist international and the indian rationalist association ."
the group supports secularism and freedom of expression .
"videos of the chaos and horrified reactions after the july , , london transit bombings were shown to jurors thursday in the trial of three men charged with conspiracy in the case ."
one of the videos shows the explosion of a train seconds after it leaves the liverpool street station heading for aldgate east .
"as dust and smoke fill the tunnel , people on the platform rush away , and police head toward the blast ."
another shows bystanders running and ducking for cover after one of the bombers detonated his rucksack on the no . bus .
"four bombs were detonated on underground trains at liverpool street , russell square and edgware road , and on a double decker bus at tavistock square ."
"fifty two people and the four bombers were killed , and at least people were injured ."
"links to the edited videos were posted on the web site of london s metropolitan police , and were played in kingston crown court where mohammed shakil , , waheed ali , , and sadeer saleem , , are accused of aiding the bombers"
"two weeks after the july bombings , an attempted second wave of bombings struck other trains and a bus , but the devices failed to explode properly ."
"metropolitan police said some clips were not released , to protect the identities of members of the public ."
a new national poll suggests the battle for the democratic presidential nomination between senators hillary clinton and barack obama is a virtual tie .
"in mid march , obama had a percent to percent edge over clinton , but his support has dropped six points while she has not gained any ground , says cnn polling director keating holland ."
so why is obama losing support ?
"more than two thirds say they ve had no effect at all , says cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
"the bigger problem appears to be obama s string of losses to clinton in big states like pennsylvania and ohio . those losses have not driven up clinton s support . but they may have created doubts about obama s ability to win , says schneider ."
a new poll suggests that president bush is the most unpopular president in modern american history .
"the previous all time record in cnn or gallup polling was set by truman , percent disapproval in january ."
"while gallup polling goes back to the s , it wasn t until the truman years that they began surveying monthly approval ratings ."
"cnn senior political analyst bill schneider adds , he is more unpopular than richard nixon was just before he resigned from the presidency in august ."
president nixon s disapproval rating in august stood at percent
the poll also indicates that support for the war in iraq has never been lower .
"thirty percent of those questioned favored the war , while percent opposed it ."
"americans are growing more pessimistic about the war , holland said . in january , nearly half believed that things were going well for the u . s . in iraq now that figure has dropped to percent ."
"the cnn opinion research corp . poll was conducted by telephone from monday through wednesday among , adult americans . the poll s sampling error is plus or minus percentage points ."
"amstetten , austria cnn a man who previously rented an apartment from a now year old man accused of holding his daughter captive in his cellar for years told cnn thursday he saw the man s son enter the basement ."
alfred dubanowsky said he rented a ground floor apartment at josef fritzl s home from through .
he said there was a verbal agreement between fritzl and the house s tenants that they were not to enter the cellar or the garden or photograph the premises or they would be kicked out .
"police said fritzl confessed to keeping his daughter elisabeth in the basement for more than two decades , where he repeatedly raped her and fathered seven children with her"
"dubanowsky said he saw fritzl s son , also named josef fritzl , enter the cellar . he also saw the elder fritzl enter the basement frequently at night ."
"cnn when a yellow dragon roars , beijing listens ."
"these huge , sky blackening dust storms sweep across asia in march and april , bringing with them millions of tons of sand from inner mongolia and depositing it in china and on across the korean peninsula to japan ."
"during the past few years the storms have grown in ferocity and scale , and they are at the vanguard of an advancing gobi desert that threatens more than million people in the chinese provinces of xinjiang , inner mongolia , gansu , ningxia and shaanxi ."
the economic toll has been estimated to cost the chinese economy . billion per year .
but desertification is not limited to china and it is fast becoming a serious global problem that will only be exacerbated by climate change .
"in the chinese provinces of inner mongolia and xinjiang the causes are reasonably straightforward , and in many ways they area is an exemplar of the situation in developing countries worldwide ."
rapid population growth has put enormous pressure on agricultural systems that have been pushed towards unsustainable farming practices in order to cope with demand .
"as a result huge amount of marginal land has been taken in as pasture , overgrazed to the point of exhaustion , and now farmers are being forced to watch the topsoil literally blow away on the spring winds ."
"in africa demand for water has shrunk lake chad by percent since the s , leaving only sand and scrub ."
in kazakhstan desertification has meant that nearly percent of cropland has been abandoned since .
"the sahara is advancing into ghana and nigeria at the rate of , square kilometers per year ."
"because desertification is often caused by population pressure , effective control is hard to achieve and many solutions are focused on dealing with the symptoms rather than the root cause of the problem ."
"the chinese government is creating a forest belt stretching , miles , kilometers to block the advancing sands of the gobi desert and diminish the effect of the sandstorms ."
the african union is seeking support to fund a similar green wall to hold back the sahara .
"in algeria officials hope that the inauguration of the , hectare taghit national park will slow the advance of the sands ."
"guadalix de la sierra , spain cnn in a mountain meadow an hour from madrid roams an enormous stud bull who s called alcalde . it means the mayor ."
"during his life , he s produced at least bulls , said his owner , bull breeder victoriano del rio an average of bulls per year sired by the mayor since he was about years old ."
"he was stabbed with a lance but still charged at the matador , del rio recalls ."
"his bravura saved him from the matador s deadly final sword , and the stud was sent back to the pasture , to get busy with the cows ."
many of the mayor s offspring have proved to be some of the toughest bulls in spanish bullfights .
"and that s a key in the huge bullfight industry , because many say it s not just the matadors but also fierce bulls that make a great fight ."
"but the mayor is now years old , and nearing his end ."
so his owner has decided to clone him .
"he has hired viagen , a company in austin , texas , that has already cloned other livestock ."
"del rio says he ll pay , about , to clone the stud , including the company s fees , plus transportation and other costs ."
viagen declined to comment for this story but experts say this would be one of the first fighting bulls ever cloned .
"cnn maybe you really can t have the best of both worlds if you re a teen starlet , no matter what the hannah montana song says ."
"one set , some candid snapshots with miley cuddling up to her boyfriend and flashing a green bra , were leaked onto the internet ."
"the other , a collection of posed come hither shots by photographer annie leibovitz , were taken under the consenting eyes of parents , handlers and editors at vanity fair magazine ."
the photos are coming to light just as miley s career is exploding .
she just signed a reportedly seven figure deal for her memoirs and starts production on the first hannah montana feature film in may .
"since most of miley s fans aren t even old enough for their own green training bras yet , the emergence of the racy images calls into question the viability of an entertainment empire balanced on the delicate , developing shoulders of an adolescent girl ."
"i took part in a photo shoot that was supposed to be artistic and now , seeing the photographs and reading the story , i feel so embarrassed , miley said in a statement ."
"the most controversial of the images , which appear in the june issue of vanity fair , is the classic , guess what i just did pose , showing miley apparently topless , with a silk bedsheet gathered around her chest , her hair and lipstick mussed ."
"it really bothers me that miley is the one apologizing for all this , says susan olsen , who played cindy on the brady bunch ."
"more than half of yellowstone national park s bison herd has died since last fall , forcing the government to suspend its annual slaughter program ."
"more than of the iconic animals starved or otherwise died on the mountainsides during an unusually harsh winter , and more than , were shot by hunters or sent to slaughterhouses in a disease control effort , according to national park service figures ."
"as a result , the park estimates its bison herd has dropped from , in november to about , today , prompting the government to halt the culling program early ."
"of the buffalo field campaign , a group seeking to stop the slaughter program for good ."
government officials say the slaughter prevents the spread of the disease brucellosis from the yellowstone bison to cattle on land near the park .
"brucellosis can cause miscarriages , infertility and reduced milk production in domestic cattle ."
the u . s . department of agriculture estimates that half of yellowstone s bison herd is infected with the bacterium .
"previously , under the interagency bison management plan , wandering bison were sent to slaughter without being tested for brucellosis ."
the meat which experts say is safe to eat if cooked and hides were distributed to native american groups .
now the program has been further curtailed no bison have been killed in the past week .
"we re required to keep bison and cattle separate , national park service spokesman al nash said ."
soccer star ronaldo has gone into hiding after a run in with cross dressing prostitutes that prompted police to investigate whether to charge one with trying to extort money from the striker .
"the ac milan player , who is in his native brazil recovering from a knee surgery , canceled two tv appearances , and local media say he will continue physiotherapy at his home ."
"police say ronaldo committed no crime , but he was accused by one prostitute of using drugs and not wanting to pay ."
authorities say there was no evidence drugs were involved .
prostitution is legal in brazil .
"he admitted to everything , he wanted to have fun , police inspector carlos augusto nogueira said . but he committed no crime at all , it was immoral at best ."
"ronaldo acknowledged to police he knew they were prostitutes but did not realize they were cross dressers until getting to a motel sunday night , when one allegedly tried to extort him to hide the story from the media , according to police ."
"the ac milan striker told police he offered to pay the transvestites anyway , but before he left one of them allegedly asked for , to hide the story from the media ."
paul scholes powered manchester united into an all english champions league climax in moscow on may with the only goal of a tense semifinal clash against barcelona at old trafford .
the veteran midfielder made the breakthrough after minutes to put united through on aggregate to face the winners of wednesday s second leg between chelsea and liverpool .
it was a superb strike from meters by scholes after he was given the ball in a dangerous area and the united player s first in europe this season .
"scholes , making his st champions league appearance , took full advantage after barcelona failed to clear their lines following a surging run from ronaldo ."
scholes was banned when united beat bayern munich to lift the trophy nine years ago in their last final appearance and manager alex ferguson said he will be the first name on the team sheet in russia .
"it s a great feeling , marvellous for this club . this club deserves to be in the final ."
"it s fantastic , added ferguson . they barca chased the goal and they had to gamble but the fans got us over the line ."
"cnn power returned slowly to venezuela on tuesday night , a few hours after widespread outages blacked out nearly half the country , trapping people in elevators , stalling subways , filling streets with pedestrians and forcing hospitals to switch to emergency generators ."
"p . m . et there was a blackout on a national level that was produced by an explosion , which is being investigated in the guri hydroelectric power station , caracas mayor juan barreto said ."
"that produced a blackout in states of the country , particularly those of the central north coastal area ."
"the city s emergency plan kicked in , and about firefighters in training had reported for duty to help , he said . city firefighters had gone to buildings in the capital to free people from elevators ."
"minister of interior and justice ramon rodriguez chacin blamed a fault in a generator at the plant in guri , which caused a high voltage power transmission line to overheat ."
"in taking the line out of service , power was disrupted to other areas ."
"in all , about percent of the country was blacked out , officials said ."
"suffolk , virginia cnn virginians faced a massive cleanup project tuesday after at least three tornadoes damaged dozens of homes and injured more than people ."
officials said tuesday morning that a search of the wreckage had turned up no fatalities .
"most of them are minor , so in many ways , we are blessed , suffolk mayor linda johnson said ."
"at least were injured monday in suffolk , where a twister destroyed several homes and businesses , said bob spieldenner of the virginia department of emergency management ."
"about homes were destroyed , damaged or deemed uninhabitable , cnn s rob marciano reported from suffolk ."
"the storm hit the bed sentara obici hospital , though spieldenner said the facility was still operational and accepting patients ."
"a second tornado struck colonial heights , about miles northwest , near richmond , injuring at least people , he said ."
"a third twister damaged several homes near lawrenceville , about miles south of richmond , said bryan jackson , a meteorologist with the national weather service , which confirmed all three tornadoes ."
gov . tim kaine declared a virginia wide state of emergency as hazardous weather continued through the central part of the state .
the top executives at microsoft and yahoo have not held any recent discussions to break an impasse that threatens to turn microsoft s month old takeover bid into a slugfest .
"according to brad smith , software maker microsoft s general counsel , not even a key weekend deadline brought the two sides together ."
"responding to a question monday , smith said no meetings have been scheduled among executives at microsoft and internet pioneer yahoo ."
the lack of communication is the latest sign of a chasm that has developed since microsoft chief executive steve ballmer lashed out at yahoo s board in an april letter .
microsoft is expected to disclose its response to yahoo s defiance this week .
smith declined to comment monday on microsoft s next measures .
"most analysts believe microsoft wants yahoo badly enough to attempt a hostile takeover , a risky process that would probably include a mudslinging campaign to replace yahoo s directors with board members more receptive to a deal ."
"cnn the united nations is establishing a task force to address the global food crisis , which is increasingly resulting in social tension , the world body said tuesday ."
"mounting hunger and increasing evidence of severe malnutrition is evident and the capacities of humanitarian agencies to meet these needs is under severe strain , particularly as pledged funding remains undelivered , the u . n . chief executives board said in a communiqu eacute ."
"the task force s first priority will be to meet the world food program s emergency requirement of million , secretary general ban ki moon said at a news conference in bern , switzerland ."
"the first and immediate priority issue that we all agreed was that we must feed the hungry , said ban , who will lead the task force ."
"without full funding of these emergency requirements , we risk again the specter of widespread hunger , malnutrition and social unrest on an unprecedented scale . we anticipate that additional funding will be required ."
"he also asked the international community , particularly developed countries , to honor outstanding pledges to the wfp ."
"the skyrocketing cost of food has triggered violence in some countries , including haiti , bangladesh and egypt ."
ban said tuesday that farmers in developing countries can no longer afford to plant as many crops as they once did because of the rising cost of fertilizer and energy .
"we must make every effort to support those farmers so that in the coming year we do not see even more severe food shortages , ban said ."
said a u . n . food and agriculture organization initiative has called for . billion to provide some developing countries with seeds and other materials such as fertilizers to boost food production .
"the international fund for agricultural development , another u . n . agency , is giving million to poor farmers in the most affected countries , the communiqu eacute"
"police , medical professionals and those who know josef fritzl are beginning to piece together how he led a double life for more than two decades in small town austria ."
"at his home on ybbsstrasse in the quiet town of amstetten , east of vienna , fritzl , a year old retired electrician , lived with his wife , rosemarie , and their three children ."
"but with them also lived three of the children fritzl fathered by his daughter elisabeth , imprisoned in a basement dungeon with another three of the children she bore after being raped repeatedly by him ."
"fritzl told his wife that his missing daughter had dropped off the children at the house because she could not take care of them , police said"
", and he forced his daughter to write letters to strengthen his case ."
it was a deception he maintained from until just days ago .
police spokesman franz polzer said that rosemarie fritzl was unaware of the deception .
"let me also add that we know the suspect not only possessed an increased sexual potency , he s also very dynamic , imperious and quite authoritarian in his conduct and relationship to his existing family , polzer said monday ."
he bought food for his captives and took it to them in evening .
"clinical psychologist dr . kristina downing orr said , what is chilling about this case is the cold , sociopathic detachment that josef f ritzl went through year after year , decades even , to hide his crimes ."
"it was as if there was no remorse , no empathy for his daughter , for his grandchildren , for his wife . that s what s chilling ."
"paris , france cnn a french judge said tuesday it was not within his jurisdiction to ban an internet video of motor racing chief max mosley with prostitutes but ordered the french recall of newspapers containing photos of the scene ."
"judge joel boyer said he couldn t ban access to web site of the british tabloid the news of the world , which had carried a video with images of the scene , because the site is britain based and owned ."
"mosley s lawyer , philippe ouakrat , had requested the site be restricted in france because the fia , the governing body for motor sports that mosley heads , is based in paris ."
"however , boyer said french law did cover copies of the newspaper printed in france and"
"he ordered a penalty of euro , , per infraction be applied if the recall is not respected ."
the news of the world reported earlier this month that mosley engaged in sex acts with five prostitutes that involved nazi role playing .
"a video posted on the newspaper s web site showed a man identified as mosley arriving at an apartment and then engaging in various sex acts with several women , at least one in a prisoner s uniform , while also speaking german ."
"mosley admits to visiting the prostitutes , but denies there were nazi overtones to the encounter ."
"the allegations are particularly sensitive because mosley is the son of the late oswald mosley , leader of britain s fascist movement before world war ii and a friend of adolf hitler ."
mosley is suing the news of the world s parent company for breach of privacy .
"pittsburgh , pennsylvania cnn a newlywed couple spent the night in separate jail cells she in her wedding gown after police said they brawled with each other , then members of another wedding party , at a suburban pittsburgh hotel ."
"the fight started saturday night after a reception when he knocked her to the floor with a karate kick in the seventh floor hallway of a holiday inn , according to police ."
"it escalated when she attacked two guests from another wedding party who came to her aid , police said ."
"the melee moved to an elevator and then to the lobby , where the couple threw metal planters at the two guests of the other party , causing minor injuries , police charged ."
"it was pretty wild , ross police sgt . dave syska said ."
"dentist david w . wielechowski , , of shaler , and christa vattimo , , had married a month earlier in the bahamas but repeated their vows saturday at a reception for guests ."
"they were checking into their room when the argument began , police said ."
"police arrived to find the dentist lying on the lobby floor and his bride screaming , they said ."
"authorities charged them both with simple assault , criminal mischief and disorderly conduct , and the bride with an additional count of public intoxication ."
they face a may preliminary hearing .
"a district judge considered issuing a restraining order against wielechowski , but his new bride declined the measure ."
the couple declined comment upon their release sunday morning .
"she left with her father , still dressed in her white gown ."
"wielechowski left alone , sporting a swollen eye , tuxedo pants , a bloody t shirt and one shoe ."
"airbus said tuesday that the european planemaker is conducting a major review of its planned delivery schedule for its a superjumbo , which has been plagued by past delays ."
"speaking at a company site in the united arab emirates , ceo thomas enders was quoted by a spokesman as acknowledging that reaching airbus goal of delivering four a s per month by won t be easy ."
"we re currently conducting a major review of the superjumbo program , enders said at the opening of an airbus material and logistics center in dubai , headquarters of a customer emirates airlines ."
his comments were relayed by airbus spokesman stefan schaffrath .
the spokesman withdrew earlier comments saying airbus is confident more than ever about the program that he had attributed to enders .
"airbus has previously said it is committed to handing over a s in , in , and in ."
"airbus is reviewing whether workers and suppliers are ready for the change , and whether the delivery schedule can be maintained , schaffrath said ."
vivid entertainment is releasing a sex tape allegedly starring jimi hendrix .
the los angeles based adult entertainment company said they obtained the sex tape from a memorabilia collector .
"the minutes of footage , reportedly shot in a hotel room about years ago , features hendrix or someone who looks like him engaged in various sexual acts with two women ."
the company said they consulted with experts to authenticate the footage .
"but charles r . cross , author of the hendrix biography room full of mirrors , has seen the film and doubts the man is hendrix ."
cross said the face and nostrils of the man depicted in the video don t match hendrix .
he also said the man in the tape is wearing more rings than hendrix was known to wear .
"hendrix , who headlined the legendary woodstock festival in , died of a drug overdose in ."
britain s prince william made a surprise visit to afghanistan this week serving as part of the air crew that made the hour trip from england .
"william , , is a second lieutenant in the british army who received his pilot s wings from the royal air force earlier this month ."
"he was briefed on military operations in afghanistan , according to a spokesman at clarence house , the royal residence in london ."
"sen . barack obama said tuesday he was outraged by comments his former pastor , the rev . jeremiah wright , made a day earlier at the national press club and saddened by the spectacle ."
"i have been a member of trinity church since . i have known rev . wright for almost years , he said at a news conference in winston salem , north carolina . the person i saw yesterday is not the person i met years ago ."
"obama said he was outraged by wright s remarks that seemed to suggest the u . s . government might be responsible for the spread of aids in the black community , and his equating of some american wartime efforts with terrorism ."
"what particularly angered me was his suggestion , somehow , that my previous denunciation of his remarks were somehow political posturing , said obama , who added that wright had shown little regard for me and seemed more concerned with taking center stage ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide attack in eastern afghanistan which killed people and wounded others on tuesday targeted a government poppy eradication team , afghanistan s interior ministry said ."
"the incident occurred in the khogyani district of nangarhar province , authorities told cnn ."
"the bomber struck an outdoor meeting , where tribal leaders listened to the team and the district governor discuss the plans to eradicate poppies used to produce opium ."
the afghan interior ministry said the attack showed the connection between terrorists and drug trafficking .
"the u . s . state department said in a recent report that poppy production in afghanistan was at record levels , a grim assessment for nato led troops fighting taliban militants ."
the taliban is thought to be trafficking in drugs to finance insurgent activities .
"while efforts had been made to reduce opium cultivation , the industry made a resurgence last year because there were no alternative livelihoods for residents ."
"of the people killed in tuesday s attack , were police officers and seven were civilians , the ministry said ."
a security source said one of the police officers was the district police chief .
"a provincial hospital official said of the people wounded , received serious injuries ."
"if the goal of the insurgents was to target isaf troops operating in the area , they failed , said spokesman brig . gen . carlos branco ."
"if the insurgents goal was to injure and kill afghan citizens , they succeeded ."
"president hamid karzai was warned of a weekend assassination plot against him , afghanistan s intelligence chief said tuesday , acknowledging that failings by the security services allowed militants to launch the attack ."
"meanwhile , a suicide assault killed people , including police , in an eastern province , officials said ."
"thirty six people , including two australian journalists , were wounded ."
amrullah saleh told parliament that the plot to kill karzai was hatched last month and that the gunmen had rented the hotel room they opened fire from days before the attack .
karzai and other dignitaries escaped unharmed from sunday s assault during a ceremony in kabul marking afghanistan s victory over the soviet occupation of the country in the s .
"three other people died , including a lawmaker ."
"three of the attackers were also killed in a gun battle with security forces after the assault , karzai s government said , but the taliban said three insurgents got away ."
we passed this information to the national security advisor and to the president of afghanistan .
"despite stringent measures by security services to protect the event , the result is that we failed , saleh said ."
an afghan intelligence official has said that about people were rounded up for questioning after the attack sunday .
"some of them had since been freed , officials say ."
"dallas , texas cnn a dallas man who spent more than years in prison for a murder he didn t commit was freed tuesday , after being incarcerated longer than any other wrongfully convicted u . s . inmate cleared by dna testing ."
supporters and other people gathered outside the court erupted in applause .
"no words can express what a tragic story yours is , state district judge mark stoltz told woodard at a brief hearing before his release ."
"woodard , cleared of the murder of his girlfriend , became the th person in dallas county to have his conviction cast aside ."
"that s a figure unmatched by any county nationally , according to the innocence project , a new york based legal center that specializes in overturning wrongful convictions ."
"as for the other , we don t believe her testimony was accurate , roetzel said ."
"like nearly all the exonorees , woodard has maintained his innocence throughout his time in prison ."
it s official barack obama has offered the vice presidency to an year old woman .
"at a town hall meeting in wilmington , north carolina , monday supporter jean weiss stood up to ask a question and began by telling the illinois senator that he s captured her heart with his foreign policy stands ."
"when you said yes i will sit down with all my enemies , we re gonna sit around the table , we re gonna work this thing out , weiss said , sir , that was not naivet eacute that was wisdom ."
she then moved on to a question about water supply .
"before i answer the question , obama said , i just want to know"
will you be my running mate ?
"that s my running mate there , obama said as she trotted back to her seat , her arms in the air ."
she is years old .
a new poll out monday appears to bolster hillary clinton s argument that she is in a better position than rival barack obama to beat john mccain in a general election match up .
"according to a newly released poll from the associated press and ipsos , clinton would beat mccain by a wide point margin , percent to percent ."
"but when obama faces mccain , the two are statistically tied obama holds a two point edge over mccain , within the poll s margin of error ."
a demographic that is key to winning several swing states .
cnn the call girl involved in the sex scandal with former new york gov . eliot spitzer filed a lawsuit monday suing the founder of the girls gone wild video series for more than million .
"in the complaint filed in miami , florida , ashley alexandra dupre says she was vacationing in miami beach when she was approached by agents and representatives of the defendant , joe francis , and offered alcoholic drinks ."
"while intoxicated , dupre was persuaded to expose her breasts and then told to sign a release form , according to a statement from her legal counsel , richard c . wolfe ."
wolfe contends that dupre was years old and therefore not legally competent to enter into a contract with the defendants .
"dupre was the high priced call girl , known as kristen , documented in court papers as the woman spitzer arranged to meet at washington s mayflower hotel in february ."
spitzer s involvement turned up in a federal investigation of suspicious transfers from his checking account .
"the investigation led agents to the alleged organizers of a prostitution ring , four of whom were charged in a criminal complaint in march ."
spitzer resigned when a leak identified him as a client of the ring .
"in march , francis was negotiating to pay dupre million to appear in the girls gone wild magazine and on the company s touring bus ."
the deal fell through when francis found he already owned video footage of dupre .
francis said monday he and his company have nothing to worry about .
"but i think it s ironic that she charged gov . spitzer , for sex and she wants to charge me million for taking some naked pictures of her , francis told cnn . i feel like i m getting a raw deal ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn hundreds of people burned a mosque monday in the west java province of indonesia , police said ."
"around people attacked the al furqon mosque about a . m . , damaging a nearby school , police said ."
"the mosque belonged to the ahmadiyah sect considered heretical by many in indonesia , the world s most populous muslim nation ."
"the attack happened after negotiations to remove a sign with the name of the sect , police said , and comes a week after religious scholars , government officials and prosecutors recommended the sect be outlawed for deviating from islamic principles , the associated press reported ."
"we heard the attackers chanting burn , burn and kill , kill , a sect member , zaki firdaus , told ap . it was horrifying ."
firdaus said around sect members had escaped the mosque before the attack .
"a sect spokesman , syamsir ali , told ap that efforts to ban ahmadiyah beliefs had prompted an escalation of violence against adherents ."
"cnn a year old dolphin at sea world has died after colliding with another dolphin while performing aerial tricks , the orlando , florida , amusement park said monday ."
"the incident occurred about p . m . saturday at the discovery cove area of the park , according to a statement by sea world spokeswoman becca bides ."
"the animals were in the center of the lagoon and not near guests , she said ."
"the other dolphin , tyler , is being watched by veterinarians but appears to be fine , bides said ."
"while it is not unusual to have two animals performing aerial behaviors at the same time , we are reviewing the situation to ensure even such a random incident does not occur again ."
"four palestinian siblings ages to and their mother were killed monday when israeli tank shells hit their house , palestinian medical and security sources said ."
"one militant was killed and another was wounded in the morning attack , the sources said ."
"in a written statement , the israel defense forces said it targeted from the air two palestinian gunmen carrying bags who were approaching israeli soldiers ."
"a big explosion erupted at the scene following the attack indicating the presence of bombs and explosives in the gunmen s bags , the statement said . as a result of this big explosion , extensive damage was caused to a house that was near the gunmen and uninvolved civilians were hit ."
the idf spokesperson wishes to stress that the responsibility for the killing and injuring of uninvolved civilians lies with the terrorist organizations which operate from within civilian populations using them as human shields and risking their lives by keeping bombs and explosives near them .
"palestinian medical and security sources said the children ages , , and were killed when three shells hit their house in beit hanoun , a city in northern gaza ."
an idf spokeswoman said a tank fired shells toward palestinian militants and an israeli aircraft fired at an armed palestinian approaching israeli forces .
"one israeli soldier was lightly wounded , she said ."
"in a separate attack , the idf said it launched an airstrike on an armed militant in gaza , but no one was hit ."
zimbabwe s opposition leaders declared monday that the country s opposition has won control of parliament for the first time in history and that president robert mugabe must concede defeat .
"putting months of bickering behind them , opposition leaders morgan tsvangirai and arthur mutambara stood united to order mugabe to step aside ."
"in a parliamentary democracy , the majority rule , tsvangirai said alongside mutambara at a news conference in south africa . he should concede that . . . he cannot be president ."
"more than a month after the elections , results from the presidential race have not been announced ."
"tsvangirai , leader of the movement for democratic change , maintains that he won the presidency outright although independent observers say he fell just short of the votes needed to avoid a runoff ."
"meanwhile , the zimbabwe electoral commission has been conducting a recount of parliamentary seats from the march elections ."
"london , england cnn scientists in the uk are seeking women to eat chocolate every day for a year in the cause of medical research ."
"the trial , at the university of east anglia in norwich , eastern england , will test whether a natural compound found in cocoa , the main ingredient of chocolate , could cut the risk of heart disease among women with diabetes ."
a belgian confectionist has created the special chocolate bar containing high levels of flavonoids a plant compound that has been shown to reduce heart risk factors to be used in the experiment .
"soy , another natural source of flavonoids , has also been added to the bar ."
"participants , who must be postmenopausal women under the age of , will have their risk of heart disease tested on five occasions during the year to see whether change occurs ."
"the hypothesis of this exciting study is that flavonoids may improve the level of protection against heart disease over and above that provided by conventional drugs , said dr . ketan dhatariya , a consultant in diabetes at the norfolk and norwich university hospital ."
"if the trial confirms this , it could have a far reaching impact on the advice we give to postmenopausal women who have type diabetes ."
deaths due to heart disease among women increase rapidly after the menopause .
"for women who suffer from type diabetes , the risk of heart disease is up to three and a half times higher ."
type diabetes is caused when the body fails to produce enough insulin or produces insulin that doesn t work properly and is frequently linked with obesity .
"despite postmenopausal women being at a similar risk to men for developing cardiovascular disease , to date they are under represented in clinical trials , said professor aedin cassidy , professor of diet and health at uea , who is heading the research ."
we hope to show that adding flavonoids to their diets will provide additional protection from heart disease and give women the opportunity to take more control over reducing their risk of heart disease in the future .
"united airlines and us airways are in very advanced talks towards a merger and an announcement is expected within two weeks , according to a source familiar with the negotiations ."
the source has asked not be named because the source has not been authorized by the airlines to discuss the talks .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"a tornado destroyed several homes and business in southeastern virginia on monday , possibly injuring dozens people , weather and city officials confirmed ."
"video footage from the scene showed roofs torn off homes , cars flipped over , trees snapped in two and a caved in section of a newly constructed shopping center ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"though it looks like a space aged android playing the harmonica , it s actually a device designed to protect you in a biological or chemical attack ."
the so called oxygen generating mask creates its own oxygen from the carbon dioxide and moisture exhaled by the wearer .
"it promises to minutes of breathing time with no clunky oxygen tank , and it sells for about ."
"the product was one of hundreds on display recently at a massive homeland security trade show where everything from mobile command centers , tiny surveillance cameras , robots and a soldier s helmet equipped with a video camera were on display ."
"companies ranged from industry giants like northrop grumman to smaller ones like oxy , the south korean company that designed the oxygen mask ."
govsec provides a chance for companies to pitch their wares in an effort to secure some of the millions of dollars in government contracts .
"people come to the show to look at what types of products meet not only their homeland security goals , but all their security needs , says kristina tanasichuk , the director of govsec , short for the government security conference and exposition ."
"thousands of police , firefighters , homeland security experts and military officials weaved their way between vendor booths ."
"seoul , south korea cnn a north korean soldier defected across the demilitarized zone and sought asylum in south korea on sunday , according to a south korean defense ministry spokesman ."
"it was the first defection in years of a commissioned north korean military officer , according to yonhap , an official south korean news agency ."
"the year old second lieutenant walked across the heavily fortified border at about p . m . sunday , a defense ministry spokesman said ."
"the soldier , identified by his surname ri , told south korean soldiers he wanted asylum , an unnamed south korean military official told yonhap ."
"he is being questioned by the joint review committee of related offices , but i understand he has made it clear that he wishes to stay in the south , the official told yonhap ."
"the defense ministry official told cnn that it was unusual for a commissioned officer to defect , although yonhap reported that an enlisted member of the north s korean people s army crossed the border last year ."
democratic national committee chairman howard dean said the only way his party would lose the general election is if democrats lose to ourselves first because they are not unified .
"dean said he agrees with sen . chris dodd that if the party goes to the convention divided , they will hand the election to sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee ."
"i think if we go in divided we ll come out divided , and it ll be much harder to win , he said on cnn s american morning ."
barack obama and hillary clinton are in a neck and neck race for the democratic nomination .
"neither candidate can capture the , delegates needed to secure the democratic nomination with wins in the remaining democratic contests , meaning the party s superdelegates will probably decide who gets the democratic nomination ."
superdelegates are party leaders and officials who vote at the august convention for the candidate of their choice .
"dean said he doesn t have a problem with the superdelegates waiting to make their decision until after primary season ends on june , but he says sooner is better than later ."
"there s no reason for folks not to make up their mind by the end of june as opposed to the end of august . and that would give us an extra two months to heal the party and to avoid having a really divisive convention , he said ."
"the democrats next face off on may , when indiana and north carolina hold their contests ."
"recent polls show obama with a comfortable lead in north carolina , but a tight race in indiana ."
"she and obama are now dead even at percent among likely democrats , according the newly released numbers from gallup ."
"i m convinced that the wrong way to go is to turn over your lives to the government and hope it will all be fine , mccain told a group of supporters at miami children s hospital ."
we must move away from a system that is fragmented and pays for expensive procedures toward one where a family has a medical home . . . where the focus is on affordable quality outcomes .
"mccain is expected to travel to pennsylvania , ohio , colorado and iowa this week as part of his call to action tour ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id beijing , china cnn human error was to blame for china s worst train accident in more than a decade , china s official news agency reported ."
"two passenger trains collided in eastern china s shandong province monday morning , killing at least and injuring , the xinhua said ."
"in shandong province at a . m . , the report said . xinhua said the collision was the deadliest train accident in the country since ."
"it the train toppled degrees to one side and then all the way to the other side , a passenger named zhang was quoted in xinhua . when it finally went off the tracks , many people fell on me and hot water poured out of their thermos flasks ."
"local villagers joined police officers and medical workers in the rescue effort , breaking train windows with farm tools to pull out stranded passengers , xinhua said ."
"we were still sleeping when the accident occurred , she said . i suddenly woke up when i felt the train stopped with a jolt . in a minute or two it started again , but soon toppled ."
xinhua said investigators had ruled out terrorism as a cause of the crash .
"sen . john mccain on monday rejected a big government takeover of the health care system , saying he wants to empower families to make more medical decisions ."
"i ve made it very clear that what i want is for families to make decisions about their health care , not government , and that s the fundamental difference between myself and sen . obama and sen . clinton , mccain told reporters in miami , florida , referring to the two remaining democratic presidential candidates , sens . hillary clinton and barack obama ."
"they want the government to make the decisions , i want the families to make decisions , he said ."
"during a speech at the miami children s hospital in miami , florida , mccain said he was ready to take on the parochial interests in health care and challenged doctors , hospitals , drug manufactures and insurance providers to do a better job of holding down costs ."
"we must move away from a system that is fragmented and pays for expensive procedures , toward one where a family has a medical home , providers coordinate their efforts and take advantage of technology to do so cheaply , and where the focus is on affordable quality outcomes , mccain said during a speech at the miami children s hospital in miami , florida . watch mccain call for families to make decisions raquo"
mccain said that health care in the u . s . was too expensive and called the more than trillion the nation spends annually on health care staggering .
"these costs are a threat to the ability of americans to have health insurance , the gateway to better health care . these costs are a threat as well to the ability of american workers to build a better life , he said ."
rising costs of health care and health insurance have squeezed the wages that workers earn and consumed the budgets of their families .
rafael nadal became the first player since to win four consecutive monte carlo titles with a straight sets win over great rival roger federer .
"winning four times here is unimaginable , said nadal , who matches anthony wilding of new zealand in claiming four successive titles here ."
"federer had glimpses of success , not least in the second set when he established a lead after breaking nadal twice but his relative weakness on clay was exposed as his opponent rallied ."
the first set was a close one with both men broken before federer earned a second break when nadal sent a long lob over the head of the swiss and out of play .
that made the score in federer s favour on his serve but nadal broke back .
a referendum attempting to save historic tempelhof airport the cold war era hub of the berlin airlift failed on sunday .
"preliminary results released by the berlin state election authority showed the majority of the , ballots cast were in favor of keeping the airport open ."
"but they accounted for only . percent of the . million eligible voters , short of the percent needed for the vote to count ."
"tempelhof , built in , has the capacity to accommodate . million passengers annually , but actual traffic in was , a tiny fraction of the million who used berlin s three airports last year ."
the city government plans to close tempelhof in october as part of plans for a large central airport southeast of the german capital .
"the airport s backers have been appealing to berliners emotions to keep open tempelhof , the hub of the berlin airlift where the allies supplied the city with food and fuel from june to may during a soviet blockade ."
oil prices have hit an all time high near us a barrel after a weekend refinery strike closed a pipeline system that delivers a third of britain s north sea oil to refineries in the u . k .
"light , sweet crude for june delivery rose to a record us . a barrel on monday in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"the contract eased back to us . a barrel by midmorning in singapore , up cents from friday s close of us . ."
"bp plc on sunday shut down the pipeline that carries more than , barrels of oil a day because of a hour walkout by employees at a refinery in central scotland ."
the shutdown comes amid other supply outages that have helped to support oil against a strengthening dollar .
"beijing , china cnn a pre dawn collision monday between two passenger trains in eastern china killed at least people and injured , a state news agency reported ."
"witnesses said a train traveling from beijing to the coastal city of qingdao derailed and hit a second train at about a . m . , xinhua news agency said ."
the crash happened in the city of zibo in shandong province . the second train had been traveling from yantai to xuzhou .
"news photos showed the derailed train laying at the bottom of a ditch , with rescuers removing passengers from a carriage that had fallen onto its side ."
survivors with white sheets wrapped around their shoulders stood or sat near the wreckage .
"the second train did not fall into the ditch , but a news photo showed one of its carriages resting perpendicular to the track ."
"the head of the ministry of railways , liu zhijun , was headed to the site to oversee rescue efforts , the web site of the shandong government said ."
"in january , people died when a train hurtling through the night at more than kilometers per hour mph slammed into a group of about workers carrying out track maintenance near the city of anqiu in shandong province ."
"xinhua said the latest accident had cut traffic on the jinan qingdao railway , which links the provincial capital of jinan with qingdao ."
"mexico city , mexico cnn a moderate earthquake of . magnitude struck southwestern mexico on sunday night , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
"rafael abreau of the usgs said there were no reports of damage from the earthquake , which was centered about . miles . kilometers below ground , and about miles kilometers south southwest of mexico city ."
abreau said the usgs had received reports that the earthquake had been felt in the country s capital .
"because of the depth of the earthquake , abreau said , we may see some minor damage ."
"yes , it scared us , julio lara , , a parking attendant in downtown mexico city told the associated press . it was strong ."
the earthquake struck at p . m . local time
"cnn like most stories that end up with a man mowing his friend s lawn in a dress , it started out innocently enough ."
"as klein continued to slim down , they made a bet"
"whoever could get down to pounds first would be the winner , and the loser would have to mow the winner s yard in a dress ."
"klein started building his man cave in pasadena , maryland , so he could have the bar of his dreams and a home theater ."
he worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing pounds in the process more than enough to win his bet with harrell .
klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave
how his amazing bar was coming along and how they thought harrell would lose the bet .
the bet was popular with everyone klein and harrell knew .
"their wives even started a dress committee , to make sure the loser was appropriately attired , and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing dad in a dress ."
"to lose weight , klein said , harrell played golf and cut out chips , while he adopted a balanced , calorie restricted diet and spent at least six hours a day on the man cave , which took most of his free time ."
"klein did all the electric wiring , worked on the framing and put three coats of paint on all the walls and ceilings ."
he attributes his weight loss success to replacing tv watching with hard work .
"i lost at least pounds on the painting alone , he said . my neck was sore for weeks ."
"at the height of summer , klein s man cave was finished , and he decided it was time to step on the scales ."
"harrell was pounds , and klein was ."
"at the party klein threw to show off his new bar and theater , harrell was ready ."
"with some help from the dress committee , harrell became klein s newly acquired , frock sporting landscaper ."
the wives had sewn two pink strapless dresses together to fit harrell and then layered on accessories like a bow topped headband and a corsage .
"all decked out , harrell graciously mowed klein s front yard , with people cheering him on ."
"australia will begin withdrawing troops from nearby east timor on sunday because security in the restive nation has improved since rebel soldiers wounded the president , the prime minister said ."
"sunday s withdrawal will reduce australia s troop commitment there to the same level as before east timor s president jose ramos horta was shot in february outside his home near the capital , dili , australian prime minister kevin rudd said in a statement saturday ."
"this drawdown in australian forces reflects the improved security situation , rudd said ."
"ramos horta , a nobel peace prize laureate , nearly died in the feb . attack by mutinous soldiers ."
east timor s prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unharmed from an ambush of his motorcade the same day .
most of the suspects in both attacks have been captured .
the president s guards killed rebel leader alfredo reinado .
"with troops , australia will remain leader of a strong international force that was invited by east timor s government two years ago to restore order ."
"dozens of people have been killed in clashes between government troops and mutinous soldiers in dili , and more than , others were forced to flee their homes ."
"democratic presidential candidate barack obama said sunday that race is not the reason he is struggling to attract working class votes and insisted he can win over uncommitted superdelegates by showing he is best able to not just defeat john mccain , but also lead the country ."
"speaking in a broadcast interview , obama also brushed aside a challenge from sen . hillary clinton to debate before the may primaries in indiana and north carolina . i m not ducking . we ve had debates , he said ."
"trailing in delegates and the popular vote , clinton has been stepping up the pressure on obama for more debates before the upcoming primaries , which are crucial to her candidacy ."
she also has been reaching out to uncommitted democratic superdelegates in hopes of capitalizing on her pennsylvania primary victory .
"clinton s pennsylvania victory was buoyed by support from working class and white voters , but obama dismissed the notion sunday that race will be a factor in the presidential election ."
is that going to be the determining factor in a general election ?
"addressing whether superdelegates should back the candidate with the most pledged delegates and popular vote , obama said he believed voters will be frustrated if democratic superdelegates choose to back the trailing candidate ."
he expressed confidence that he can convince superdelegates he is more electable .
"baghdad , iraq cnn a female suicide car bomber attacked an iraqi security forces checkpoint in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least three iraqis and wounding , an interior ministry official said ."
"an iraqi policeman and soldier were among those killed , the official added ."
"the suicide bomber detonated her taxi near shaab stadium , a mostly shiite area in eastern baghdad , the interior ministry said ."
suicide attacks by women are becoming more prevalent .
two female bombers struck in diyala province on monday and tuesday .
"in march , a female suicide bomber , apparently targeting shiite worshippers just before evening prayer services on a busy street , killed dozens in karbala ."
"in a development related to the sadr city violence , an adviser to iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki told cnn on sunday that military assaults against militias in baghdad will end if the militias meet certain conditions ."
"and keep out of the affairs of iraqi security forces , government institutions and reconstruction projects ."
"al maliki s logic is for the government to do what it wants and the way it wants , said sheikh salah al obaidi , a top aide to al sadr ."
"cnn beaches along the san diego , california , coast will be closed saturday after a year old man was fatally attacked by what authorities suspect was a great white shark ."
"dave martin , a retired veterinarian , was pronounced dead shortly after the incident , which occurred about a . m . friday a . m . et at solana beach , california ."
"martin was in a group of nine swimmers when he was bitten across both thighs by what is believed to be a great white shark , according to a statement issued by the san diego county sheriff s department ."
"some of the other swimmers looked back to see the victim up out of the water flailing , and he was pulled back under the"
he came up screaming and was helped to shore by four of the swimmers .
"martin was taken to a nearby lifeguard station , and a medical helicopter was called in , but he apparently bled to death at the scene , the statement said ."
"the incident occurred in the fletcher cove area of solana beach near a popular surf spot known as table tops , one of the main access areas to solana beach , said sheriff s lt . mike mcclain ."
"a sheriff s helicopter was scanning the beaches for the shark , and nearby beaches were contacted , solana beach officials said in a statement posted on the city s web site ."
"swimmers were ordered out of the water , and a hour swimming advisory was posted for an mile stretch of beach , said capt . craig miller of the city s marine safety department ."
"the beaches remain closed and will be patrolled throughout the weekend , city and county officials told the associated press ."
"hundreds of workers at scotland s only oil refinery began a hour strike on sunday , forcing bp to shut a pipeline system that delivers almost a third of britain s north sea oil ."
"bp said it had completed the closure of the forties pipeline system by a . m . gmt , when , workers at the grangemouth refinery in central scotland walked off the job ."
"the pipeline brings in , barrels of oil a day from the north sea to bp s kinneil plant , which is powered from the grangemouth site ."
million million a day in lost production .
"the government urged motorists not to hoard fuel , saying there would be enough to go around ."
it wants to avoid a repeat of scenes in when motorists were forced to line up at gas stations as truckers angry at heavily taxed fuel brought britain to a standstill by blockading refineries .
"per visit saturday , and lines of cars formed beside some pumps ."
a number of stations reported they had run out of gas and diesel .
"kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban militants opened fire at a military ceremony in the capital sunday morning ."
"a lawmaker , tribal leader and year old child were killed , but president hamid karzai escaped unhurt , according to an official and a statement from karzai s office ."
"the attack also wounded more than people , including a member of parliament , a health ministry official said ."
"the attack occurred at a mujahedeen victory day ceremony , observing the th anniversary of afghanistan mujahedeen fighters overthrow of president mohammad najibullah s soviet backed regime ."
small arms fire erupted as a military band played the afghan national anthem and as soldiers fired a gun salute with artillery rounds .
"the people standing did not react for several seconds , but security guards shielded karzai and whisked him away from the reviewing stand ."
other dignitaries quickly scrambled to safety .
karzai appeared on state run television fewer than two hours later and called on citizens to remain calm .
the health ministry official said lawmaker fazel rahman samkanai died from injuries sustained in the attack .
"a presidential statement said nasir ahmad latifi , a council head of the qezelbashan ethnic group , and a year old child were killed ."
"taliban spokesman zabiullah mojahed issued a statement , claiming responsibility ."
"when the national anthem started they started the attack . three were killed and three have survived , the statement said ."
a diplomatic source said a mortar round landed near the stand .
among those who had to leave was a wedding party of about people stuck in the area overnight .
city spokeswoman elisa weaser said the group was being guided to a safe route out .
"there were no injuries reported and no homes destroyed in the fire , but as it spread , some homes were threatened , causing the mandatory evacuation orders for about houses . city manager elaine aguilar said a gardening shed was destroyed ."
"when it comes to campaign commercials , sens . barack obama and hillary clinton are going where no candidate has gone before ."
barack obama s already approaching million .
"obama outspent clinton on ad buys in pennsylvania by slightly more than to , and tracey says obama is outspending his rival for the democratic presidential nomination by about the same ratio in indiana and north carolina , which hold primaries may ."
"clinton has been able to dictate the tempo in the last few contests , be that texas , ohio and then pennsylvania , tracey said . what she has to continue to do is dictate the tempo of this race with her tv ads ."
"obama fundraising machine has built an advantage in money to buy ads , but clinton s win in pennsylvania could help close the gap ."
"hillary clinton s victory in pennsylvania was extremely important . it has given her that boost in momentum that she needs going into indiana and north carolina , and it has helped her fundraising tremendously at a time when she s at a severe disadvantage to barack obama , cnn political editor mark preston said ."
republican sen . john mccain has spent just less than million on ads .
he has the luxury of already having sewn up his party s nomination while the democrats continue to battle .
"the woman , identified as year old elisabeth f . , has been missing since when she was years old , police said at a news conference ."
"cnn north korea prepared to host the international torch relay for the first time ever monday , a day after scuffles marred the relay in south korea s capital of seoul ."
"on sunday , the torch completed the th leg of its protest plagued global relay in seoul with chinese students vastly outnumbering demonstrators ."
a man doused himself with gasoline and tried to set himself on fire but was stopped by police .
scuffles broke out several times along the route in seoul between demonstrators and chinese students waving their country s red flag .
"at least , riot police were deployed to guard the mile kilometer route , which started at olympic park , built when seoul hosted the summer games in , and winds down at city hall in central seoul ."
"they will try their best to prevent any kind of intervention , said gi hyung keum , spokesman for the south korean ministry of culture , sports and tourism ."
"an hour before the start of the relay , thousands of chinese students thronged the park plaza , singing songs and chanting one china , one world slogans ."
"about , chinese students study in south korea ."
"in other recent asian legs of the relay , a large number of chinese students have attended ."
"in bangkok , thailand , students told cnn the chinese embassy there provided their transportation and gave them shirts to wear ."
"as in several past stops , demonstrators protesting china s policy toward tibet turned out at the rally ."
they were joined by other demonstrators critical of how china forcefully deports north korean refugees back to their impoverished country when they escape into china .
"under the north korean penal code , leaving the country without state permission can be considered an act of treason , punishable by heavy penalties including imprisonment and forced labor , said kay seok of seoul s human rights watch ."
"and depending on the result of the interrogation , they will be sent to labor camps for a few months or to prison for a few years ."
"a minivan carrying five armed men exploded near an iraqi army checkpoint in northern baghdad friday afternoon , wounding three soldiers and killing the men in the car , an interior ministry official told cnn ."
"the official said the soldiers gestured to the vehicle to stop , but the men began firing guns instead ."
"when the soldiers fired back , the minivan exploded , the official said ."
"during his two months in power , cuban president raul castro has implemented a series of changes affecting life in cuba in a variety of ways ."
the year old charismatic leader handed off the power to his year old brother in february after having been in poor health since july .
raul has moved quickly .
and the government is studying a proposal that would allow cubans to travel abroad without first seeking permission .
"heavy security flanked torchbearer senichi hoshino , manager of the japanese national baseball team , as he started the relay in nagano home of the winter olympic games ."
"police officers quickly tackled the man , dragging him away before arresting him ."
"the original starting point of the nagano relay , the city s famed zenkoji temple , declined to participate because of china s crackdown on buddhist monks in tibet , forcing officials to move the start of the relay ."
the torch ends its round the world jaunt in august in beijing .
the transformers co star tops fhm s annual sexiest women in the world poll of fhm readers .
"the year old model actress beat out the likes of angelina jolie no . , rihanna no . , kim kardashian no . , paris hilton no . and last year s champion , jessica alba no . ."
fox debuted on the annual list in at no . and ranked at no . in .
"joining her in the top this year are in descending order jessica biel , alba , elisha cuthbert , scarlett johansson , emmanuelle chriqui , hilary duff , tricia helfer , blake lively and kate beckinsale ."
britney spears came in at no . .
"current dancing with the stars contestant shannon elizabeth no . returned to the ranking after being absent last year , joining professional dancers cheryl burke no . and karina smirnoff no . ."
fhm said nearly million votes were cast for the th edition of the annual poll .
"tokyo , japan cnn a year old japanese girl killed herself by mixing laundry detergent with cleanser , releasing fumes that also sickened people in her apartment house , police said thursday as they grappled with a spate of similar suicides ."
"none of the sickened neighbors in konan , southern japan , was severely ill , although about were hospitalized , authorities said ."
the deadly hydrogen sulfide gas escaped from the girl s bathroom window and entered neighboring apartments .
the girl s suicide wednesday night was part of an expanding string of similar deaths that experts say have been encouraged by internet suicide sites since last summer .
"a year old man outside tokyo killed himself inside a car early thursday by mixing detergent and bath salts , police said ."
"a local police spokesman refused to give further details , but kyodo news agency reported that the man put a sign reading stay away on the car window ."
"at a business hotel in shiga prefecture in western japan , a man in his s was found dead thursday morning by employees who noticed a strange smell coming from his room , according to national broadcaster nhk ."
shiga police said officials are investigating the incident as a case of suicide by hydrogen sulfide gas but could not elaborate .
"according to kyodo , there was toilet cleaner and bath powder nearby , along with a sign outside that read , poisonous gas being emitted ."
"nagoya police said they could not comment on the case , but kyodo said that fire officials called to the scene did not detect hydrogen sulfide gas ."
the method has alarmed officials because of the danger that bystanders can be hurt .
"it s easy , and everyone can do it , said yasuaki shimizu , director of lifelink , a tokyo based group specializing in halting suicides . also , there is a lot of information teaching people how to do it on the internet ."
"police say they have not tallied the number of detergent related suicides , but media reports suggest that it has reached about this year , including several cases in which others were also sickened ."
"she mixed detergent with a liquid cleanser in her bathroom , police said ."
"the door was closed , and she had affixed a sign on the outside warning , gas being emitted , kyodo reported ."
"most of those sickened nearby complained of sore throats , and about people were evacuated to a nearby gymnasium ."
hydrogen sulfide gas is colorless and characterized by an odor similar to that of rotten eggs .
"when inhaled , it can lead to suffocation or brain damage ."
the u . s . military in japan has charged a marine with rape and other violations of the uniform code of military justice in the alleged sexual assault of year old girl in okinawa .
"in february , japanese authorities released hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations against him , but the marine corps conducted its own investigation to see if hadnott violated codes of military justice ."
the rape accusation against hadnott stirred memories of a brutal rape more than a decade ago and triggered outrage across japan .
prime minister yasuo fukuda deplored as unforgivable the allegations against hadnott .
the u . s . military in japan also formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident .
"more than , u . s . troops are stationed in japan , most of them on okinawa ."
anti american sentiments boiled over in after three american servicemen kidnapped and gang raped a year old okinawan schoolgirl .
north korea says progress was made during a visit this week by a u . s . delegation meant to resolve stalled talks on its nuclear program .
the north s foreign ministry said thursday that it discussed technical matters with the u . s . officials about its promised declaration of its nuclear program .
the north says the negotiations were sincere and constructive and that progress was made there .
"it gave no further details about results of the talks . the u . s . delegation arrived in seoul earlier thursday , but the americans have not yet commented publicly on the trip ."
"cnn if you were a zebra , how would you spend your days ?"
"daniel rubenstein , director of the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at princeton university , has been pursuing this question for years ."
"he and collaborators spend their summers in kenya trying to figure out how endangered zebras form social networks , avoid predators , and interact with the livestock and herders in the area ."
"zebranet , a collaborative project that rubenstein co founded with princeton engineering professor margaret martonosi , studies zebra behavior through data from gps locators on collars around zebras necks ."
"just like the positioning systems in cars , the collars collect information about the whereabouts of the zebras , as well as their velocities and turning angles ."
"the team is particularly interested in the grevy s zebra , an endangered species whose numbers have dropped to only about , ."
data from the gps collars have given rubenstein and associates an unprecedented view of how grevy s zebras balance the opportunities for acquiring food and water with the risks of being killed by lions .
"the ability to gather data about nocturnal animals has always been limited , but with gps collars recording data every eight minutes , the researchers learned a lot about zebra behavior at night ."
"the team , which includes several graduate students , found that zebras graze in the open plains during the day , moving slowly in straight lines , while lions rest under trees in wooded areas ."
"they re like grass vacuum cleaners , chip clipping away at the vegetation as they move , rubenstein said of the zebras ."
", the lions leave the woodlands to go hunting in the plains , and the zebras move into the woodlands , moving deliberately and quietly ."
"they spend about percent of the night in the woodlands , and the rest of the time in the plains , moving quickly and erratically while the lions hunt there ."
"by using this remote sensing ability , we ve been able to show the zebras change behavior markedly when they use the plains at night to minimize the risk of being preyed upon by lions , rubenstein said ."
"injured alex rodriguez rejoined the new york yankees , but was not in the starting lineup for thursday night s game against the chicago white sox ."
the all star third baseman has not played since leaving sunday s game in baltimore because of a strained right quadriceps .
"he got treatment in new york on monday , then went to miami to join his wife , who gave birth to the couple s second daughter ."
he passed out cigars thursday in the clubhouse to celebrate .
"leg s good . i got treatment the last several days at the university of miami , rodriguez said ."
"rodriguez said he hoped to return to the lineup friday night for the start of a three game series in cleveland against the indians , the team that beat the yankees in the al playoffs last fall ."
"since the injury i have not run , rodriguez said ."
"s atilde o paulo , brazil cnn brazil s air force has suspended its search for a roman catholic priest who vanished after sailing into the air attached to hundreds of balloons . the cleric s family chartered a private plane to continue the hunt ."
"the rev . adelir antonio de carli has been missing since sunday , when he lifted off from the port city of paranagua strapped to , balloons ."
"denise gallas , the treasurer of de carli s parish , said thursday that the priest s family chartered a twin engine plane ."
the cleric s former flight teacher called his disappearance a tragedy foretold .
"paragliding instructor marcio andre lichtnow , who gave courses to the rev . adelir antonio de carli three years ago , described him as a headstrong , anxious individual who was always in a rush ."
"after two or three months , i asked him to abandon the course because of these personality traits , which are not the ideal profile for a paraglider , lichtnow said . so what happened comes as no big surprise ."
"the year old priest lifted off wearing a helmet , an aluminum thermal flight suit , waterproof coveralls and a parachute ."
"but less than an hour in , de carli told his support crew by satellite phone that he would not be able to complete the planned flight to the city of dourados , miles kilometers away , according to team member jose carlos bom ."
"he told us he was beginning to descend over the ocean but never said he was about to crash into the water , bom said . there was never any panic in his voice ."
"for the next eight hours , until his phone went dead , de carli maintained contact with the team , using a gps device to report his position as he descended ."
"human beings may have had a brush with extinction , years ago , an extensive genetic study suggests ."
"the human population at that time was reduced to small isolated groups in africa , apparently because of drought , according to an analysis released thursday ."
"the report notes that a separate study by researchers at stanford university estimated that the number of early humans may have shrunk as low as , before numbers began to expand again in the early stone age ."
"this study illustrates the extraordinary power of genetics to reveal insights into some of the key events in our species history , said spencer wells , national geographic society explorer in residence ."
"tiny bands of early humans , forced apart by harsh environmental conditions , coming back from the brink to reunite and populate the world . truly an epic drama , written in our dna ."
"wells is director of the genographic project , launched in to study anthropology using genetics . the report was published in the american journal of human genetics ."
"studies using mitochondrial dna , which is passed down through mothers , have traced modern humans to a single mitochondrial eve , who lived in africa about , years ago ."
"the migrations of humans out of africa to populate the rest of the world appear to have begun about , years ago , but little has been known about humans between eve and that dispersal ."
"eastern africa experienced a series of severe droughts between , and , years ago , and researchers said this climatological shift may have contributed to the population changes , dividing into small , isolated groups that developed independently ."
"today , more than . billion people inhabit the globe , according to the u . s . census bureau ."
"milan , italy cnn a stuntman was seriously injured in a car crash while filming an action sequence for the new james bond movie on a famously winding lakeside road in northern italy , a local official said thursday ."
the london based production company for quantum of solace said that an experienced stunt driver of an alfa romeo car remained hospitalized in serious condition following the accident wednesday .
"a second stunt driver in the same car also was injured , but less seriously ."
"it noted that neither director marc forster , daniel craig nor any other cast members were at the location when the accident occurred ."
the identities of the stunt drivers were not released .
"a spokesman for the town of limone sul garda , where crew have been filming for the past two weeks , said the alfa romeo crashed into a wall during a chase sequence involving a truck and bond s aston martin along the gardesana , a curvy , two lane lakeside road with gorgeous panoramas and many tunnels ."
"a helicopter on standby during the filming flew the seriously injured stunt driver to verona , where he underwent surgery , said town spokesman marco girardi , who also was acting as a liaison to the production company ."
he said the driver suffered serious head injuries .
"he said that the filming was scheduled to wrap up wednesday , and that they were in the final hours when the accident occurred ."
"the accident was the second on the bond set in four days , after an aston martin being delivered to the set skidded off the road in heavy rain and landed in lake garda on saturday ."
no one was injured and the car was later fished from the lake .
"on thursday , the production company was packing up equipment , including cars , to close the set ."
chinese stocks soared thursday after the government cut a tax on stock transactions in a move widely seen as an effort to boost slumping markets .
the rebound came as many global markets are recovering modestly after being battered since the start of the year amid worries about the u . s . credit crisis and slower global growth .
the jump came after the government announced late wednesday that it was cutting a stamp tax on share transactions to . percent from . percent .
"the communist beijing government keeps its markets isolated from global money flows , and most shares are off limits to foreign buyers ."
"but investors are watching them closely for signs of a possible recovery , and markets abroad often react to swings in chinese prices ."
"the latest tax measure took effect thursday , the official xinhua news agency reported ."
"chinese stock prices have fallen sharply since october , ending a boom that began in mid ."
"washington cnn after meeting thursday at the white house , president bush and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas expressed hope that peace can be achieved in the middle east before bush s term ends in january ."
"i assured the president that a palestinian state is a high priority for me and my administration , bush told reporters as abbas looked on . a viable state , a state that doesn t look like swiss cheese , a state that provides hope ."
"bush lauded abbas as a man who rejects the idea of using violence to achieve objectives , which distinguishes him from other people in the region ."
"that remark was an apparent reference to leaders of hamas , which won a majority of seats in the palestinian legislature in ."
"the state department considers hamas to be a terrorist organization , and u . s . officials have refused to hold direct talks with it ."
"i am confident we can achieve the definition of a state , bush said ."
"i also believe strongly that when history looks back on this moment and a state is defined , that the palestinian people will thank you for your leadership ."
"for his part , abbas thanked bush for the peace initiative he launched at a conference last november in annapolis , maryland , where israeli , palestinian and u . s . participants agreed to a two state solution as a goal ."
"we believe that you actually are truly seeking a true , genuine and lasting peace in the middle east , and i am certain that you would like to see an agreement and settlement before the end of your term , he said ."
"he added , we are doing everything we can in order to seriously negotiate and reach a peace that would be satisfactory to both the palestinian side and the israeli side , a peace that would be promoted throughout the world ."
"a covert nuclear reactor destroyed last year in syria would have been capable of producing plutonium and likely was not intended for peaceful purposes , the white house said thursday ."
a senior u . s . official told cnn thursday that the reactor was weeks or months away from being functional when it was bombed by israel in september .
a white house statement said north korea may have assisted syria s nuclear activities .
"we have long been seriously concerned about north korea s nuclear weapons program and its proliferation activities , the statement said . north korea s clandestine nuclear cooperation with syria is a dangerous manifestation of those activities ."
a working reactor would make syria the first arab nation with nuclear capability and potentially put nuclear weapons in the hands of a regime the united states accuses of committing human rights abuses and supporting international terror groups .
the nation s most senior intelligence officials briefed key lawmakers thursday on israel s bombing of the facility .
"asked why former weapons inspector david albright and other experts have said syria was not close to getting the reactor functional , the u . s . official said such comments are coming from people who are only half read in on the intelligence ."
"the president s national security adviser , stephen hadley , cia director michael hayden and director of national intelligence mike mcconnell told congressional committees what the administration knows about"
"miami , florida cnn florida drivers can order more than specialty license plates celebrating everything from manatees to the miami heat , but one now under consideration would be the first in the nation to explicitly promote a specific religion ."
"the florida legislature is considering a specialty plate with a design that includes a christian cross , a stained glass window and the words i believe ."
"edward bullard , the plate s sponsor , said people who believe in their college or university or believe in their football team already have license plates they can buy ."
"the new design is a chance for others to put a tag on their cars with something they believe in , he said ."
"if the plate is approved , florida would become the first state to have a license plate featuring a religious symbol that s not part of a college logo ."
"the problem with the state manufacturing the plate is that it sends a message that florida is essentially a christian state and , second , gives the appearance that the state is endorsing a particular religious preference , said howard simon , executive director of the american civil liberties union of florida ."
the i believe license plate still has a way to go before it reaches the roads .
the proposal is part of a package of license plates being debated in the senate and ready for a floor vote .
"in the house , the bill that would authorize the plate has passed one committee ."
some lawmakers say the state should be careful .
"kelly skidmore said she is a roman catholic and goes to mass on sundays , but she believes the i believe plate is inappropriate for the government to produce ."
"i don t want to see a torah next . none of that stuff is appropriate to me , said skidmore , a democrat who voted against the plate in committee ."
"florida s specialty license plates require the payment of additional fees , some of which go to causes the plates endorse ."
sen . john mccain blasted the bush administration and all levels of government thursday for the failed response to hurricane katrina in new orleans .
"we know we didn t have the right kind of leadership . . . where government agencies were getting information from watching cable television rather than have a flow of information , mccain said during an event at xavier university in new orleans ."
"it was not only a perfect storm as far as its physical impact . . . it was a perfect storm as far as the federal , state and local governments inability ."
"never again will there be a mismanaged natural disaster , he said , later assuring the crowd that it will never happen again in this country you have my commitment and my promise ."
"mccain was in new orleans on the fourth day of a tour through some economically struggling democratic states , trying to convince voters that he s not the typical republican ."
"and inez , kentucky ."
"the arizona senator toured new orleans th ward , the neighborhood hit hardest by hurricane katrina , and discussed the tough times ahead for the poverty stricken area ."
americans have not forgotten new orleans .
actor wesley snipes was sentenced thursday to three years in prison after being convicted on three misdemeanor counts of failing to file tax returns
a u . s . envoy said thursday that the opposition leader in zimbabwe beat president robert mugabe in that nation s recent presidential election .
"jendayi frazer , the u . s . assistant secretary of state for africa , told cnn thursday that she believes movement for democratic change leader morgan tsvangirai beat mugabe in the march election ."
the results of the election have not been announced and a recount is under way .
cnn the overnight long haul doesn t have to be a killer . follow some simple steps to survive the red eye flight .
. the right seat
"window seats are best for catching some sleep , as there is something to lean against ."
you also don t risk being woken by a neighbor clambering past to get to the toilet .
seats at the front of the plane are the quietest .
"the worst seats are on the back row , as often they don t recline ."
some seats on exit rows also do not recline and here bags must be stowed in lockers which means you ll have to keep getting up to get at belongings .
"sleep inducing goodies to pack in the carry on bag include ear plugs , comfy socks , and noise canceling ear phones ."
"travel pillows may be awkward to carry , but they are proven at improving sleep by supporting the head ."
an eye mask can also minimize interference from a neighbor s light and video screen .
. perfect timing
try to resist the urge to nap .
the idea is to acclimatize to the new time zone as quickly as possible .
"so if you arrive in the morning , try to push through to bed time ."
but don t over do it the day after .
"a big night out is not the best idea , but early morning meetings could help you hit the ground running ."
skip coffee in the airport and especially when the trolley comes round during the flight .
set your alarm to wake up half an hour before the plane touches down .
"this will provide enough time to use the bathroom , gather possessions and acclimatize to the new day ."
computer and consumer electronics giant apple announced fiscal second quarter sales and profits on wednesday that beat wall street s expectations thanks to a increase in macintosh sales .
but the stock dipped slightly after hours as apple gave sales and earnings guidance for its third quarter that may have disappointed investors .
"apple aapl , fortune posted net income of . billion , or . per share , up from a year ago and beating analysts forecasts of . per share ."
"sales topped . billion , up from the same quarter a year ago ."
analysts polled by thomson financial were expecting revenue of . billion .
apple ceo steve jobs boasted about the company s strong results .
"with over billion in revenue for the first half of our fiscal year , we have strong momentum to launch some terrific new products in the coming quarters , jobs said in a statement ."
shares of apple surged more than initially after hours but then slipped as much as .
that followed a . gain in regular trading .
the pullback could be due to apple s forecast for its fiscal third quarter .
"the company said that it expects sales of . billion , roughly in line with consensus estimates of . billion ."
"but it also said it expects earnings of about . per share , significantly below expectations of . per share ."
cristiano ronaldo missed an early penalty as manchester united earned a draw in the first leg of the champions league semifinal at barcelona s nou camp stadium on wednesday night .
the year old hit the stanchion high outside goalkeeper victor valdes left hand post in the third minute after gabriel milito handled his header from a paul scholes corner .
"it was united s best chance in a game dominated by the home side , who had the best of possession with some silky moves but failed to find the killer pass in the final third of the pitch ."
"goalkeeper edwin van der sar made a string of saves , especially in the second half , but was not often seriously tested ."
"barcelona were boosted by the return of argentina forward lionel messi , who started alongside samuel eto o up front , with thierry henry on the bench after also being cleared following an illness ."
"barcelona continued to press until the final whistle , but still could not create a clear cut opportunity ."
washington cnn an animal rights group is offering million to any scientist who can create lab grown meat that is commercially viable and indistinguishable in taste from the real thing .
people for the ethical treatment of animals peta said the money would go to the first scientist who could create and market such a meat by the summer of .
the group said the scientist had to be able to produce the meat in large enough quantity so it could be sold in u . s . states at a price competitive to the prevailing chicken price .
"further , the meat had to have taste and texture indistinguishable from real chicken flesh to non meat eaters and meat eaters alike ."
a taste test panel would determine if the lab produced meat fitted the criteria .
"the group said research had already begun to produce in vitro meat that is , meat created from animal stem cells placed in a medium to grow"
we re still several years away from having in vitro meat be available to the general public .
"peta said it was supporting the endeavor because more than billion chicken , fish , pigs and cows were killed every year for food in the united states in horrific ways ."
"chickens are drugged to grow so large they often become crippled , mother pigs are confined to metal cages so small they can t move , and fish are hacked apart while still conscious all to feed america s meat addiction , it said . in vitro meat would spare animals from this suffering ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn a u . s . citizen holding a free tibet banner has been turned back from the slopes of mount everest , a nepalese army officer said ."
the incident comes as authorities in nepal tighten security on mount everest in advance of the scheduled arrival of the olympic torch in early may .
an international torch relay has been dogged by pro tibet protesters in several cities around the world .
the olympic flame arrived in australia on wednesday morning after a relatively incident free run in indonesia .
"the u . s . citizen was turned back monday , the army officer told cnn on condition of anonymity ."
organizers plan to take the olympic torch to the summit of everest in early to mid may .
"nepal has about security personnel on the mountain , including soldiers trained in mountain warfare , the army officer said ."
"security forces on the mountain have permission to shoot mountaineers engaged in anti chinese activities , according to a home ministry official ."
"berlin , germany cnn a german warship was involved in fending off monday s pirate attack on a japanese tanker near the coast of somalia , a spokesman for the german armed forces said wednesday ."
"the german warship emden was in the area monday when it received a distress call from the tanker takayama , said frigate captain roland vogler wander , a spokesman for the german armed forces in potsdam , germany ."
"the distress signal from the takayama was tanker is being threatened by boat with weapons and being fired upon , vogler wander said ."
he said the emden was nautical miles away at the time and immediately set a course for the japanese ship at full speed .
"the tanker s owner said no one on board suffered injuries in the attack , which yemen s state news agency , saba , blamed on somali pirates ."
"the , ton japanese tanker was kilometers east of the yemeni port of aden en route to saudi arabia when the attack took place , according to a statement from the owner , nippon yusen k . k ."
"piracy has been rampant in the waters off somalia for years , and monday s attack followed several recent incidents of piracy in the same area ."
pirates seized the crew of a luxury french yacht off the coast of somalia on april .
the crew members were later released after the pirates received a ransom for them .
"washington cnn workers in southeast asia s shrimp industry suffer regular abuse and sometimes live in what amounts to virtual slavery , a human rights organization said wednesday ."
"sexual and physical abuse , debt bondage , child labor and unsafe working conditions are common in thailand and bangladesh s shrimp processing factories , the solidarity center said in a page report ."
the solidarity center describes itself as an international nonprofit allied organization of the afl cio established to provide assistance to workers around the world .
"workers told thai police who raided one factory in september that if they made a mistake on the shrimp peeling line , asked for sick leave , or tried to escape , they could expect to be beaten , sexually molested , or publicly tortured , according to the report ."
"behind the walls , the police found a scene that one report described as little short of medieval , with hundreds of workers literally trapped inside the compound , living in squalid conditions , forced to work long hours , and subjected to physical , emotional , and sexual intimidation and abuse ."
women and girls were stripped naked and publicly beaten as a form of discipline .
"the report says the owner of the factory , who was charged with some offenses , received little in the way of punishment ."
"despite widespread worker rights abuses , including child labor and human trafficking , the owner was charged only with employing children under and failing to provide holidays and time off . though these charges are serious , they were treated as first time labor code violations ."
"the owner initially only paid a fine of about , and has returned to work ."
"the report , the degradation of work"
"the true cost of shrimp , also contains information from interviews with workers in thailand and bangladesh ."
"they additionally alleged that they had unexplained deductions from their pay , that they worked without a written contract , and that native thais and migrant workers were segregated by the use of colorcoded uniforms ."
the year old son of tom cruise is following in his father s footsteps .
"connor cruise , the adopted son of tom cruise and ex wife nicole kidman , has a minor , non speaking part in the upcoming will smith drama seven pounds , a spokesman for columbia pictures confirmed tuesday ."
"connor cruise shot his part over two days more than a month ago , playing smith as a young man and mostly shown in photographs ."
"the movie , which is still in production , co stars rosario dawson and is directed by the pursuit of happyness filmmaker gabriele muccino ."
the drama follows the story of a man who affects the lives of seven strangers .
"cruise and kidman also have an adopted daughter , year old isabella ."
kidman is pregnant with her first child with hubby singer keith urban .
"london , england cnn women can influence the gender of their child with what they eat before they conceive , according to new research that lends scientific support to age old superstitions about pregnancy ."
the discovery shows higher calorie intake prior to conception can significantly increase the chances of having a son while women on restricted diets are more likely to produce daughters .
"scientists at britain s oxford and exeter universities , who studied eating habits of women during their first time pregnancies , say that their findings seem to back certain traditional links between diet and gender while disproving others ."
"we were able to confirm the old wives tale that eating bananas and so having a high potassium intake was associated with having a boy , as was"
"a high sodium intake , research leader fiona mathews , a specialist in mammalian biology at exeter university , told the guardian newspaper ."
"in fact , more calcium meant they were again more likely to have a boy ."
mathews said the study pointed to a simple technique to influencing the chances of a male birth
"shortly after the recent election in zimbabwe , one farmer there told cnn that of his workers were ambushed by militiamen and severely beaten ."
"the farmers did not vote for mugabe , they say ."
mugabe representatives have denied that any retaliatory attacks have been going on in the wake of the march presidential and parliamentary election .
no results have been announced in the election a vote recount is under way .
"the delay , now almost four weeks long , has sparked local and international concern that mugabe is trying to rig the election ."
"despite denials from the government , three farmers told cnn on wednesday that zimbabwean farmers and their paid workers are continually being targeted in retaliation for not voting for mugabe ."
stories such as these have brought an international response .
"human rights watch released a statement saturday about the attacks saying that supporters of mugabe s zanu pf party are targeting backers of the opposition party , the movement for democratic change ."
"torture and violence are surging in zimbabwe , said georgette gagnon , africa director for human rights watch . zanu pf members are setting up torture camps to systematically target , beat , and torture people suspected of having voted for the mdc in last month s elections ."
british prime minister gordon brown on wednesday urged the international community to speak out .
"more than sri lankan soldiers were killed and another wounded wednesday when troops attempted to advance toward a stronghold of the tamil tigers rebel organization , highly placed army sources told cnn ."
"the incident happened before dawn , when troops manning a defense line in the northern sri lanka village of muhamalai attempted to advance toward the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi in the northern wanni region , the sources said ."
the village is on a thin isthmus linking mainland sri lanka to the jaffna peninsula .
"troops made an attempt to open a third front in the wanni region by advancing south , army officials said ."
"their ultimate aim was to reach kilinochchi the power center of the liberation tigers of tamil , better known as the tamil tigers ."
"the rebels feigned they had withdrawn from their first line of defenses in well dug out trenches , one official said . after the troops backed by battle tanks reached the area , the rebels sprung a fierce attack ."
the incident deals a setback to military efforts to weaken the tamil tigers .
"government leaders and military commanders vowed early this year to eliminate the rebels by the end of the year , but later extended the deadline into ."
"until wednesday , the heavy fighting had remained focused in the western coastal town of mannar and the northeastern coastal area of weli oya ."
the race for the democratic party u . s . presidential nomination has taken a fresh turn after hillary clinton re ignited her white house bid with a decisive win over frontrunner barack obama in pennsylvania .
"she won the state by percentage points , but is still trailing in the national race to become the democratic candidate to run against presumptive republican candidate john mccain ."
"i won that double digit victory that everybody on tv said i had to win , and the voters of pennsylvania clearly made their views known that they think i would be the best president and the better candidate to go against sen . mccain , she told cnn ."
"voters got to look at both of us , consider both of us . i was outspent three to one , and the results were just enormously exciting and gratifying to me , she added ."
a loss in tuesday s primary a voting process that selects delegates for a national convention later in the year where the candidate for november s presidential elections will be formally chosen could have spelled an end to clinton s campaign .
"nationwide , obama is currently ahead in the race ."
"and unless the wheels come off his wagon , he was likely to hold that lead , said david gergen , a former adviser to both republican and democratic candidates ."
"according to cnn s latest count , obama leads in the delegate count , to clinton s , ."
"washington cnn u . s . intelligence officials will tell members of congress on thursday that north korea was helping syria build a nuclear facility , according to a source familiar with internal administration discussions ."
the facility in question was bombed by israeli planes in september .
the united states and israel have refused to comment on what the target of the strike was .
"thursday s briefings to intelligence , foreign relations and armed services committees in both chambers of congress are intended to show that the building hit was a north korean designed reactor being built with assistance from pyongyang , the source said ."
"it is less clear whether north korea had provided or was about to provide essential fuel components to syria , according to the source ."
"the united states has softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a program to develop highly enriched uranium and to having provided syria with nuclear technology , key questions that have left the negotiations stalled for months ."
more important to get a handle on the program than to have north korea confess past nuclear sins .
the original agreement in the six party talks did not deal with proliferation .
"sen . hillary clinton rode the momentum of her pennsylvania win into indiana on wednesday , with her campaign saying it is on pace to raise million in hours ."
"clinton reported raising million in all of march , according to campaign finance reports filed last weekend ."
"sen . barack obama raised more than twice as much last month , taking in million for his campaign ."
obama s camp touted a big boost for his campaign wednesday
endorsements from john edwards supporters .
"edwards , a former north carolina senator who dropped out of the democratic presidential race in january , has yet to endorse a candidate ."
"indiana and north carolina hold primaries may , the next date on the primary calendar in what has become a protracted and , at times , bruising fight for the democratic nomination ."
"obama is leading in north carolina , and it s a tight race in indiana , according to recent polls ."
"both democratic candidates picked up superdelegates wednesday , with obama getting the support of oklahoma gov . brad henry and clinton receiving a nod from tennessee rep . john tanner ."
"clinton and obama both planned to stump in indiana on wednesday , following clinton s decisive win in pennsylvania ."
"with the win , clinton will pick up of pennsylvania s delegates , and obama won , cnn estimates ."
eight delegates have yet to be allocated .
"one man was arrested thursday after a minor scuffle ahead of the start of the olympic torch relay in australia , police said ."
"the scuffle took place at reconciliation place , where the relay begins , according to police , who said the man was interfering with the start of the relay . they gave out no further details ."
"the incident took place shortly before the relay was to begin , prefaced by a ceremony of cleansing and dancing conducted by aboriginal australians ."
"demonstrators have vowed to show up strong for the torch relay , and police have countered with special powers to stop and search them ."
"shortly before the flame arrived in canberra , police arrested a man and a woman who were trying to unfurl a banner on sydney s harbour bridge ."
"rome , italy cnn troubled italian airline alitalia got an emergency short term loan of million euros million from the italian government tuesday , a government official told cnn ."
"the airline must return the money by the end of the year , the official said ."
"outgoing prime minister romano prodi called the loan an act of responsibility aimed at staving off bankruptcy and the possibility of thousands of lay offs , according to italian media reports ."
"sylvio berlusconi , the former prime minister who won the post again earlier this month , had asked prodi s government to approve the loan ."
the government approved the loan after air france klm yanked its bid to purchase the state run airline .
"alitalia had accepted an offer from the french dutch group , but union leaders blocked the sale ."
"the company s board of directors , at its april meeting , reiterated the company s need for substantial financial support , according to a press release ."
"as of february , alitalia s books showed a . billion . billion debt , up nearly percent from the end or january ."
"cnn a lufthansa flight en route to new york diverted to shannon airport in ireland after a year old girl died on the flight , irish and airline officials said ."
"the flight originated in addis ababa , ethiopia , and was bound for john f . kennedy international airport in new york , with a stopover in frankfurt , germany , the press office for the irish police force garda said ."
"the girl died during the frankfurt to new york leg of the trip , and the plane was redirected to ireland , landing there about p . m . , garda said ."
"the cause of death is unknown , and a post mortem exam will be conducted wednesday , garda said . police are investigating the circumstances of the toddler s death ."
"crude futures have risen on concerns about unstable supply , firm global demand and a weakening u . s . dollar ."
"light , sweet crude for june delivery rose cents in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midmorning in singapore wednesday ."
"senator hillary clinton edged rival sen . barack obama in the democratic primary in pennsylvania , saying victory showed she had the better shot at winning in november than he ."
"it s a long road to pennsylvania avenue and it runs right through the heart of pennsylvania , she told supporters in philadelphia tuesday night ."
her top advisers had called the state a must win to stay in the race .
"for six weeks , senator obama and i have criss crossed this state meeting people up close , being judged side by side , making our best case , she said to cheering supporters . you listened and today you chose ."
obama congratulated clinton on her win and said his campaign closed what had been a huge margin in her favor . watch obama claim his campaign s own victory
"there were a lot of folks who didn t think we could make this a race when it started , he said at a campaign rally in evansville , indiana , where democrats will go to the polls may . they thought we were going to get blown out ."
"obama leads in overall votes , states won and pledged delegates ."
"and unless the wheels come off his wagon , obama was likely to hold that lead , said david gergen , a former adviser to both republican and democratic candidates ."
"with percent of pennsylvania precincts reporting , clinton was leading obama to percent ."
a total of delegates to the convention were at stake .
injured alex rodriguez was not in the new york yankees lineup tuesday night against the chicago white sox .
"a rod , batting . with four homers and rbis , strained his right quadriceps sunday at baltimore . morgan ensberg was listed as the starting third baseman against chicago ."
rodriguez will rejoin the team on thursday . he will be re evaluated then to see how well his quadriceps has responded to treatment . it was unknown when he would play again .
"the third baseman was in miami , where his wife gave birth to their second daughter monday night ."
"we ll make that evaluation on thursday , where we think he s at , girardi said . one thing you can t do is rush him and then lose him for a long period of time ."
"but then again , the yankees need him back whenever he s ready ."
"albany , new york cnn a postal worker is credited with saving a year old girl s life by catching her after the baby fell out of a second story window in albany , new york ."
lisa harrell was delivering mail to a home late monday morning when she noticed a baby in a window above the front door .
"harrell says the next thing she knew , the baby had fallen into her arms ."
"when the baby s mother realized what had happened , she ran outside and grabbed the girl from harrell ."
the woman thanked harrell and then ran down the street to her mother s house .
paramedics checked the baby at the scene but found no injuries .
"no charges are being filed against the mother , who says she had placed her daughter on a bed that was up against the window ."
the mother said her back was turned when her daughter crawled out the open window .
"kiev , ukraine cnn shining with orthodox golden domes that rise from forested hilltops , crisscrossed by narrow cobblestone streets , and speckled by quiet , leafy parks , kiev draws visitors with an eastern european charm ."
"and for those who seek the exotic artifacts of the soviet era lenin statues , imposing bronze monuments and colonnaded subway stations kiev has those too ."
"founded more than , years ago , kiev is one of the oldest and historically richest cities in eastern europe ."
"the site of the ancient kievan rus state , forerunner of the russian empire , it is considered the birthplace of slavic civilization ."
"the city endured the mongol tatar invasion , was an important provincial capital in the tsarist and soviet eras and in finally became the capital of an independent ukraine ."
"today , kiev strives to be a proper european city , at the same time preserving its unique slavic appeal ."
"cut in two by the broad dnieper river , the city is a mix of medieval onion domed orthodox cathedrals , elegant turn of the th century buildings and some stubbornly durable artifacts of the soviet times , including giant statues and gloomy apartment blocks on the city s outskirts ."
"begin your tour with khreshchatyk street , kiev s calling card , a broad avenue lined with grand stalin era brown brick buildings and chestnut trees ."
"on weekends , when khreshchatyk is closed to traffic , it is especially pleasant to walk and gives you a chance to mix with the local crowd glamorous young women walking hand in hand with their lucky suitors , teenagers dancing to hip hop music and retirees taking their giggly grandchildren for a stroll ."
"khreshchatyk is at its best in may , when the chestnuts the city s symbol are in full bloom and they fill the air with a delicate sweet aroma ."
"the street culminates with maidan nezalezhnosti , or independence square , where ukrainians made history in by staging the peaceful orange revolution that overturned a fraudulent election and brought a pro western opposition leader to power ."
"aside from the revolution , maidan is noted for the soaring foot statue of a young woman in the national costume representing the newly independent ukraine ."
many ukrainians appreciate the statue s political significance though question its taste .
"kiev is dotted with hundreds of medieval orthodox cathedrals and monasteries a reminder that it was here that the state of kievan rus parts of modern day ukraine , russia and belarus became christian ."
in a . d the slavic prince volodymyr marched his servants into the dnieper to be baptized and eventually converted the whole region to christianity .
"if you don t have time for all of the churches , make sure you see at least three"
"st . sofia and st . michael cathedrals , both just up the hill from the independence square , and the landmark kiev pechersk lavra , also known as the cave monastery , overlooking the dnieper ."
"los angeles , california cnn former baywatch star david hasselhoff has been in the hospital to have something removed above his eye , his publicist says ."
"his publicist , judy katz , told the associated press on monday that he s fine , he had something removed , he s coming out tonight ."
"she said he was taken to the university of california , los angeles medical center on saturday , and that rumors that hasselhoff checked into rehab were not true ."
hasselhoff was treated in a hospital for alcoholism in october .
former president bill clinton denied tuesday he had accused sen . barack obama s campaign of playing the race card during an interview monday .
a recording of the former president making the comment is posted on the whyy web site .
it says he made the comment in a telephone interview with the philadelphia public radio station monday night .
clinton was asked whether his remarks comparing obama s strong showing in south carolina to that of jesse jackson in had been a mistake given their impact on his wife sen . hillary clinton s campaign .
"no , i think that they played the race card on me , said clinton , and we now know from memos from the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along . listen to the full interview"
"but outside a pittsburgh campaign event tuesday , a reporter asked clinton what he had meant when you said the obama campaign was playing the race card on you ?"
clinton responded when did i say that and to whom did i say that ?
clinton commented just before the south carolina primary that jesse jackson won south carolina in and . jackson ran a good campaign . and obama ran a good campaign here .
"new york cnn children should be screened for heart problems with an electrocardiogram before getting drugs such as ritalin to treat hyperactivity and attention deficit disorder , the american heart association recommended monday ."
"stimulant drugs can increase blood pressure and heart rate . for most children , that isn t a problem ."
"but in those with heart conditions , it could make them more vulnerable to sudden cardiac arrest an erratic heartbeat that causes the heart to stop pumping blood through the body and other heart problems ."
"about . million american children and . million adults take medication for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or adhd , according to government estimates ."
"stimulant drugs , like ritalin , adderall and concerta , help children with adhd to stay focused and control their behavior ."
"the medications already carry warnings of possible heart risks in those with heart defects or other heart problems , which some critics said were driven more by concerns of overuse of the drugs than their safety ."
"the heart group is now recommending a thorough exam , including a family history and an ekg , before children are put on the drugs to make sure that they don t have any undiagnosed heart issues ."
"said dr . victoria vetter , a pediatric cardiologist at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine and head of the committee making the recommendation ."
the label warnings were added after a review by the food and drug administration of its databases found reports of sudden deaths in children treated with adhd drugs and reports of other problems including strokes and fast heart rates between and .
there were also reports of heart problems in adults the committee didn t look at adults .
"an ekg can detect abnormal heart rhythms that can lead to sudden cardiac arrest . children who are already on adhd drugs should also be tested , vetter said ."
"if problems are found , the child should be sent to a pediatric cardiologist ."
"sen . barack obama scored big with new democrats in pennsylvania , early exit polls show ."
"one out of every seven democratic party voters was not registered as a democrat at the beginning of the year , and percent of them cast their ballot for obama , according to the exit polls ."
"sen . hillary clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the last week , the exit polls showed ."
fifty eight percent of those voters said they chose the new york senator .
that includes voters who made up their mind in the aftermath of last week s heated democratic debate .
african american voters in pennsylvania supported obama by a substantial margin .
"according to exit polls , percent cast their vote for the illinois senator , compared to percent for clinton ."
"clinton got the support of older voters , with percent of those years or older backing her , according to the polls ."
"she also received more support than obama among white males , with percent voting for her ."
clinton on tuesday acknowledged her white house bid is on the line in pennsylvania .
a cnn poll of polls on tuesday suggested clinton is in a position to pull off the victory over obama .
"after pennsylvania , indiana and north carolina hold votes in two weeks as the primary season rolls on toward its end in june ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn the olympic torch relay ran its course without major incident in indonesia on tuesday , with torch bearers circling a track around jakarta s main sports stadium in front of invited guests and journalists ."
"indonesian police arrested six pro tibet protesters and took down anti chinese banners and signs outside the sports complex , according to a protest organizer ."
police said they were charged with not having a permit to stage a protest .
"the olympic flame s run was limited to a track around the senayan sports complex to prevent disruptions from protesters , something that has marred the relay in several other cities , the indonesian sports committee said . the relay was shortened to just over miles km ."
spectators could strain for a glimpse of the far away flame through a fence .
spokesman enrico soekarno of the indonesian society for a free tibet said police moved in on protesters before the relay began after a provocateur who he suspected came from police ranks infiltrated his group and began a scuffle .
"six people were arrested after they tried to stop police from taking their signs , soekarno said ."
"the runners , including celebrities , athletes and political figures , carried the torch about yards each ."
"the next stop for the flame is canberra , australia where the torch relay will take place on thursday ."
white house hopeful hillary clinton needs a big victory in tuesday s crucial pennsylvania primary election as she aims to regain ground on barack obama in the race for the democratic party s u . s . presidential nomination .
"clinton , a new york senator who has consistently performed well in larger states and enjoys core support among traditional democratic voters , carried a seven point lead over obama in polls going into the vote in the key northeastern state ."
but analysts say anything less than a double digit win for clinton would make obama a clear favorite for the nomination as the party seeks a challenger to face republican nominee elect john mccain in november s presidential election .
early exits polls indicated obama scored big with new democratic voters in the state while clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the final days of campaigning .
they also indicated the economy was the number one issue .
obama currently leads in the delegate count and the popular vote and has won more states .
"with just a handful of smaller states still to vote , a win for the senator for illinois on tuesday would be decisive , analysts say ."
"obama called pennsylvania an uphill climb , but said his campaign has showed he can compete in a big state ."
"we ve won twice as many states , we ve won the popular vote by fairly substantial margins , we ve got a very big lead in pledged delegates and we competed , win or lose ."
"a cnn poll of polls on the eve of the pennsylvania primary gave clinton a seven point advantage over obama , percent to percent with seven percent undecided ."
"election officials in philadelphia reported robust but not record breaking turnout in tuesday s hard fought democratic primary , a contest seen as critical for sen . hillary clinton s presidential hopes ."
"clinton led sen . barack obama in published polls going into the primary , the biggest remaining contest of the democratic presidential race ."
"in addition , cnn exit polls showed late deciding voters choosing clinton by a wide margin , percent to percent ."
the polls close at p . m . et .
the olympic flame arrived in australia wednesday morning following a relatively incident free run in indonesia .
"the torch will be carried about the city on thursday , and officials there have vowed not to cut the km course despite threats of pro tibet protests ."
"torchbearers include long distance runner ron clarke , who set world records during the early s and lit the cauldron at the games in melbourne , australia , and swimmer ian thorpe , a five time gold medalist ."
"south africa coach carlos alberto parreira resigned on monday to return to brazil to be with his family and ill wife , leaving the national football team in disarray just two years before the country hosts the world cup ."
"after years of marriage , i can t say no ."
"south african federation president molefi oliphant said parreira wanted to be with his wife , leila ."
"the coach has dilemma , a family dilemma , he said . the health of his wife has deteriorated ."
parreira was hired months ago after resigning as brazil coach .
he put together a young and inexperienced team which suffered a series of poor results and were eliminated in the first round of the african cup of nations in ghana earlier this year .
but parreira s tactics seemed to be paying off when south africa beat paraguay in a friendly last month .
parreira s resignation takes effect on may .
"he will continue as technical advisor , and his two assistant coaches jairo leal and pitso mosimane will remain ."
parreira said he would help officials find a new coach tasked with building south africa into a credible force for the world cup .
"sao paulo , brazil cnn a roman catholic priest who floated off under hundreds of helium party balloons was missing monday off the southern coast of brazil ."
"rescuers in helicopters and small fishing boats were searching off the coast of santa catarina state , where pieces of balloons were found ."
"the rev . adelir antonio de carli lifted off from the port city of paranagua on sunday afternoon , wearing a helmet , thermal suit and a parachute ."
"he was reported missing about eight hours later after losing contact with port authority officials , according to the treasurer of his sao cristovao parish , denise gallas ."
gallas said by telephone that the priest wanted to break a hour record for the most hours flying with balloons to raise money for a spiritual rest stop
"for truckers in paranagua , brazil s second largest port for agricultural products ."
some american adventurers have used helium balloons to emulate larry walters who in rose three miles above los angeles in a lawn chair lifted by balloons .
"a video of carli posted on the g web site of globo tv showed the smiling year old priest slipping into a flight suit , being strapped to a seat attached to a huge column green , red , white and yellow balloons , and soaring into the air to the cheers of a crowd ."
"according to gallas , the priest soared to an altitude of , feet , meters then descended to about , feet , meters for his planned flight to the city of dourados , miles kilometers northwest of his parish ."
"carli was some miles kilometers off the coast when he last contacted paranagua s port authority , gallas said ."
"carli had a gps device , a satellite phone , a buoyant chair and is an experienced skydiver , gallas said ."
he knew what he was doing and was fully prepared for any kind of mishap .
a newspaper report says cuban president ra uacute l castro wants to improve relations with mexico .
el sol de mexico s mario vazquez rana recently sat down with castro in havana .
he said in an article published monday that the cuban leader told him he wants mexico and cuba to return to the close friendship the two countries once shared .
"relations between mexico and havana deteriorated under former mexican president vicente fox , who criticized cuba s human rights record ."
but president felipe calderon restored full relations with cuba after succeeding fox in .
the mexican leader has said he wants to continue to have warmer ties with the communist island .
"chicago , illinois cnn an epidemic of gunfire rattled the city during the weekend , with at least people shot and six killed ."
police superintendent jody weis blamed an excess of guns and gangs for the rash of violence .
"at the time of that news conference , the toll was separate shootings and four deaths ."
"later , three more shootings were reported within two hours on the west side late sunday and early monday , resulting in two more deaths and four more people wounded , police said ."
the other weekend shootings were scattered all over the city .
"police said they included gang shootings , drive by attacks , and even one case in which someone used an ak to shoot up a plumbing supply store ."
authorities did not immediately say whether any of the shootings were thought to be related .
"during the same weekend last year , there were shootings , including four homicides , and shootings were reported during the same weekend in , chicago police statistics show ."
"on saturday , the police department issued new statistics showing that the city s murder rate for march was down about percent from march ."
"oil prices spiked to a record . a barrel after a japanese oil tanker was attacked in middle eastern waters , off the east coast of yemen ."
"the , ton tanker takayama was attacked about kilometers miles off the yemen coast in the gulf of aden while it was heading for saudi arabia , its japanese operator , nippon yusen k . k . , said in a statement posted on its web site ."
"none of the ship s crew members was injured , and the extent of damage to the tanker was under investigation , the company said ."
kyodo news agency reported that the japanese tanker was leaking fuel after it was fired on by a rocket launcher from a small boat .
news of the attack pushed crude oil futures higher into record territory .
"there s clearly some geopolitical tension in the market , said mark pervan , senior commodity strategist at the anz bank in melbourne , australia . this will die down , but the market is pretty jittery at the moment , he said ."
"light , sweet crude for may delivery fell back quickly after pushing to . a barrel ."
"last friday , it rose to touch for the first time after an attack on a royal dutch shell plc pipeline by the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta the main militant group in nigeria s restive south ."
brent crude futures for june rose cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
"atlanta , georgia cnn julia abrantes spent hours cleaning her house and primping in front of a mirror before heading to john f . kennedy airport in new york ."
"she was there to pick up the love of her life , whom she had met on the internet ."
abrantes was the victim of romance fraud
he wound up winning my heart .
"abrantes isn t alone . dating sites like match . com , which says it has a membership of more than million , are growing in popularity ."
but with the increased interest in internet dating comes more people willing to prey on those looking for love online .
"she said the site has had more than , members since its start in june ."
"the number of broken hearts aside , romance fraud costs victims millions of dollars each year ."
"of her , members , sluppick said , people have reported their financial losses ."
"there were , complaints regarding internet fraud last year , costing victims more than million , according to the fbi internet crime report ."
"romance fraud is a process , often taking place over several months , sluppick said ."
"they get the person to where they actually believe they have a relationship with the scammer . this can be a long process , sometimes up to six or eight months ."
"twice a day , year old hannah austin exhales all the air from her lungs ."
"she then takes a puff of a low dose steroid from a purple inhaler , holds her breath for a few seconds and exhales ."
"like nearly million other children in the united states , hannah , a second grader from smyrna , georgia , has asthma ."
this simple exercise with the inhaler allows her to breathe easier .
"but on a day when the air quality is poor , she often struggles to catch her breath ."
"we know that environmental pollutants have a very significant impact on children with asthma , said dr . avril beckford , a pediatrician in austell , georgia ."
"children are more vulnerable to the effects of air pollution because their lungs don t fully form until they are adolescents , the american academy of pediatrics noted ."
"the leading pediatricians group added that because children spend more time outdoors than do adults , they have increased exposure to outdoor air pollution ."
"if you live near a polluted area of a city , it s like the child is smoking , said best selling author and pediatrician bill sears . we all know what smoking does for the lungs ."
sears called the long term effect of air pollution on a developing child devastating .
children do not grow as well because they do not breathe as well .
"cnn whether you keep quiet because you re afraid of embarrassing yourself or you don t think your questions mean much , you should start speaking up ."
"a colleague once said to me , i can tell more about a person by the questions they ask than by what they tell me , says edith onderick harvey , president of change dynamics consulting , an executive consulting firm ."
"the same is true for managers . questions about the broader organization s goals and priorities , your role in achieving those and asking for feedback tell your boss you are focused on a career with the organization , not just a job ."
here are questions to ask your boss that can help your career .
""
employees often forget that their performances are graded in some form or another .
"in order to understand how your work is quantified , you should be speaking the same language as your boss ."
"find out if your manager is only concerned with numbers and results or if with how you achieve them also matters , onderick harvey advises ."
"then , you base your future work on his or her priorities ."
. what areas do i need to develop to advance my career ?
"this question shows your boss you are in control of your future and are not waiting for someone else to make things happen , onderick harvey says ."
don t be so focused on looking for your weaknesses that you forget to ask about your strong points .
this question isn t an excuse to beg for a compliment it s an opportunity to show the boss you want to steer your own career .
. how often are performance evaluations conducted and who is in charge of them ?
"basic questions such as this one are crucial to your performance , says dr . ivonne chirino klevans , professor at walden university ."
understanding the mechanics of your job should be a top priority at all times .
make sure you know if you have quarterly or annual goals to aim for and how they impact your daily tasks .
. what are the options for growth within the organization ?
"although you might expect this question only belongs in a job interview , it s worth asking even after you ve been employed for a few years ."
"with four digit inflation and violent maoist guerrillas , peru for many years was hardly the place for a seaweed wrap in a swank hotel ."
"but nowadays , relative peace and a booming economy draw boutique travelers to the andean terrain and ancient ruins that were previously the domain of brave , budget conscious backpackers ."
"celebrity tourists bill gates and cameron diaz both recently visited machu picchu , where a night gets you a room with a view of the famous inca citadel ."
"in nearby cuzco , elevation , feet , you can have extra oxygen pumped into your room for a night ."
"yet as free market president alan garcia speeds the development of peru s high end tourism sector , he is sparking a standoff with local residents who say they won t benefit from the boom ."
"earlier this year , protesters shut cuzco s airport and blocked the only rail line to machu picchu to make their point ."
they shouted in demonstrations
cuzco is not for sale !
"it is a longtime paradox in peru , where the economy expanded percent in for the ninth year in a row ."
"but poverty persists , especially in many of the highland tourist destinations , affecting some percent of the million population ."
the government touts tourism as a job generator .
but most protesters don t work in the industry and are more focused on the need for good education and health care things they say a few dozen more waiter and bellhop jobs won t fix .
"most of the cuzco area lives off of agriculture , said gonzalo valderrama , , a local anthropologist who joined the protests . just because there is more tourism investment , it does not necessarily benefit those who live in the surrounding state ."
"tourist entries at lima s jorge chavez international airport increased from , in to more than . million last year , according to peru s foreign trade and tourism ministry , thanks in part to an award winning publicity campaign launched two years ago ."
"detroit , michigan cnn kim fenske drives a bus in colorado by day , but when he s not working , he zooms around the mountains in a toyota prius ."
"fenske , an attorney by training who has also worked as a forest ranger , was an environmentalist long before hybrid cars like the prius hit the market ."
but he recently decided to go one step further and make an environmental statement with his car .
"my decision is a very political decision . i want to get people in this country off their dependency on foreign oil , said fenske , , who lives at the copper mountain ski resort near frisco , colorado ."
"u . s . registrations of new hybrid vehicles rose percent in to a record , , according to data to be released monday by r . l . polk co . , a southfield based automotive marketing and research company ."
"hybrids made up just . percent of the u . s . market share for the year , but they were growing steadily even as overall sales declined percent ."
"lonnie miller , director of industry analysis at polk , said rising gas prices may affect some buyers , but they re not the main driver of hybrid sales ."
"instead , he thinks sales jumped in because buyers had more options , including the new nissan altima , saturn aura and lexus ls h hybrid sedans and hybrid versions of the chevrolet tahoe , gmc yukon and mazda tribute sport utility vehicles ."
"the gas price thing is a constant that is keeping consideration in their minds , miller said ."
"another important factor is that hybrids have been on the market long enough for consumers to trust the technology , miller said ."
"the prius , the second mass market hybrid after the honda insight , went on sale in the u . s . in ."
"the prius remained the best selling hybrid in , commanding percent of the hybrid market , up from percent in despite the influx of new hybrids ."
"hundreds of flag waving chinese students gathered at the starting and ending points of the olympic torch relay in kuala lumpur monday , far outnumbering the handful of people who carried pro tibet signs ."
"heavy security was in place to protect the runners carrying the olympic torch along a mile km route through the malaysian capital , ending at the petronas twin towers ."
"about chinese students attended the relay , carrying pro china signs and heckling the few people taking a pro tibet stand ."
"the chinese students wore identical shirts with the slogan one dream , one nation , and many of them had chinese flags painted on their faces , according to witnesses ."
an olympics organizer said the chinese embassy arranged for the students to
several of the students told cnn that the chinese government provided their transportation to the event and gave them the flags and shirts .
"as soon as spectators saw what she was doing , they immediately mobbed her , hitting her with flags , said brad kesler , an american tourist who was there to watch the start of the relay ."
kesler said the woman was holding the sign and not yelling .
at least two other people carrying pro tibet signs were carried away by police .
it was not clear if they were detained because of a disruption or if they were removed for their own safety .
"about , people attended the relay s start in independence square , according to witness estimates ."
few of them appeared to be local residents a member of the malaysian olympics council explained it was a work day .
"los angeles , california cnn it was a classic case of monster envy that led to the rise of cloverfield , the horror hit about a foot creature stomping through new york city ."
"visiting tokyo with his son a few years ago , producer j . j . abrams was struck by the omnipresence of godzilla in toy stores half a century after the giant reptile first terrorized japan ."
"this iconic character had really maintained his position , abrams told the associated press in an interview to promote tuesday s dvd release of cloverfield , which set a record for january debuts with a million opening weekend ."
impossible iii and the upcoming star trek .
"with longtime tv collaborators matt reeves directing and drew goddard writing the screenplay , abrams set out to create a homegrown beast beyond the guy in a lizard suit quaintness of godzilla flicks , bringing the creature feature into modern times ."
what they hit on was a refreshing mix of monster mayhem and the amateur video style of the blair witch project .
"shot for less than million , a bargain price in hollywood , cloverfield heightened its documentary realism by using a cast of unknowns and maximized its limited budget for visual effects by offering scattershot images of the monster and devastation as the characters run for their lives ."
"abrams and distributor paramount used similarly clandestine tactics to sell the film , keeping the title under wraps until shortly before its release and offering trailers and online marketing to make movie goers ask one another , what in the world is this film ?"
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama are wrapping up their push in pennsylvania with sharp attacks a day before the state s crucial primary .
"both candidates have been launching waves of robocalls , tough mailers and matching attack ads , spending an estimated hundreds of thousands of dollars a day ."
"obama on monday was scheduled to make his final stops in mckeesport and pittsburgh , where clinton has been strong ."
"clinton was set to campaign in philadelphia , following rallies in scranton , pittsburgh and harrisburg ."
"obama has outspent his rival in pennsylvania , thanks in part to his hefty fundraising ."
"he raised million in march , compared with clinton s million , according to the latest campaign finance reports ."
"in march , obama spent about million on his presidential campaign , compared with clinton s million ."
"clinton began april in debt , according to financial reports filed over the weekend with the federal election commission . she had about million cash on hand , but only million of that total represents funds that can be spent in the primary races ."
"meanwhile , obama has million cash on hand , with . million that can be spent in the primaries , according to reports ."
"at least million of the money clinton had in the bank was set aside for the general election , compared with million set aside by obama ."
"the reports also showed clinton owes more than million , meaning she was in the red even before stepping up tv advertising in pennsylvania ."
"the numbers are what they are , clinton adviser howard wolfson said on a conference call with reporters ."
"a russian fighter jet has shot down an unmanned georgian spy plane as it flew over the breakaway region of abkhazia , georgia s air force commander said monday ."
the two countries presidents discussed the incident by telephone monday in what georgian leader mikhail saakashvili termed a difficult conversation .
"col . david nairashvili , georgia s air force commander , told the associated press that video footage recorded by the plane before it was shot down sunday shows the attacking jet to be russian ."
"the incident occurred over abkhazia , a region that has had de facto independence since breaking away from the georgian government in the s ."
"after talks with former u . s . president jimmy carter , hamas exiled leader khalid meshaal said monday the militant group has no plans to recognize israel ."
"we agree on the palestinian state with the borders of june , , jerusalem as its capital , fully sovereign without settlements , the right of return , but without the recognition of israel , meshaal said at a news conference in damascus , syria ."
"earlier in the day , carter said that hamas is prepared to accept peace with israel if the palestinian people approve any agreement that may be negotiated with the jewish state ."
condemnation from the u . s . and israeli governments . they have criticized him for engaging in diplomacy with a group that both governments consider a terrorist organization .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"fifth seed serena williams defeated russia s vera zvonareva to capture the . million family circle cup , her third tournament title of the year ."
sunday s victory in charleston was the american s first clay court title since the french open .
"williams is in matches this year , and is expected to climb from ninth to sixth in the world following the st success of her career ."
"unlike earlier matches at the tournament , williams started strong winning the first set and scattering aces during the match ."
"i just wanted to get that first set under my belt , and thank god i did because i lost the second , said williams ."
"i ve played her a few times , so i really know her game she s a real fighter and she never stops ."
"williams improved to against zvonareva , who should rise to no . in the rankings by making the final ."
"accra , ghana cnn the u . n . chief warned sunday that the world must urgently increase food production to ease skyrocketing prices and pledged to set up a task force on a crisis threatening to destabilize developing nations ."
"the cost of food has increased by around percent since mid worldwide , and the strain has caused riots and protests in countries such as cameroon , burkina faso , haiti and egypt ."
"we must make no mistake , the problem is big ."
"if we offer the right aid , the solutions will come , ban said at the opening of a a five day u . n . conference on trade and development in ghana s capital , accra ."
"one thing is certain , the world has consumed more than it has produced over the last three years , he said ."
"ban blamed a host of causes for the soaring cost of food , including rising oil prices , the fall of the u . s . dollar and natural disasters ."
he said he would put together a special task force to help deal with the problem and called on the international community to help .
he said the u . n . world food program plans to raise million per year to help feed million people in countries .
"we need a real world and not the world of economic theories , ban said . i will work on this right now with a sense of urgency ."
"six decades of single party rule in paraguay came to an end on sunday after colorado party candidate blanca ovelar conceded a loss to former catholic bishop fernando lugo , who claimed the historic win on his promise to help the poor ."
"with more than half of the , precincts reporting , lugo , backed by the patriotic alliance for change , claimed percent of the votes , according to the preliminary results reported by the government s election department ."
"ovelar had percent of the votes before she stepped down as a candidate , and lino oviedo , of the national union of ethical citizens , had percent ."
"nearly million paraguayans turned out at the polls sunday , with two thirds of the nations . million registered voters participating ."
"lugo , the year old ex bishop , was a popular candidate as he campaigned to support the paraguay s indigent population ."
there was only one round in the election and a majority was not needed to win .
"i believe that the politics of exclusion long practiced in this country doesn t have a future , lugo has said ."
"london , england cnn british military officials on sunday said prince william had not breached any rules when he used a royal air force helicopter to drop in at his girlfriend s house ."
"the prince , second in line to the throne , landed a chinook helicopter normally used for transporting troops in a field next to the home of kate middleton , according to the news of the world tabloid ."
"the paper said the trip had caused fury among some in the military who saw it as a waste of time and money at a time when british forces are thinly stretched , fighting in iraq and afghanistan ."
the ministry of defense said the maneuver was part of a planned training exercise designed to help the prince learn to fly in combat situations .
"battlefield helicopter crews routinely practice landing in fields and confined spaces away from their airfields as a vital part of their training for operations , a statement said ."
these highly honed skills are used daily in conflict zones such as iraq and afghanistan .
"the ministry said that due to a shortage of landing fields available for practice , an offer to land near the middleton house on april was readily accepted ."
"it said no one got on or off the aircraft , which spent seconds on the ground ."
"britain s air forces have already come under criticism for allowing william , , to fly a chinook to attend a bachelor party , accompanied by his brother , prince harry ."
"william , a second lieutenant in the british army , graduated as a pilot earlier this month following a detachment to the royal air force ."
the car being used in the latest james bond film plunged into a lake in northern italy while being driven to the set .
producers say the driver of the aston martin was taken to a hospital with minor injuries .
"italian state tv has shown footage of the smashed , black car being hoisted out of the water ."
secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in baghdad sunday for unannounced talks with iraqi leaders as fighting with shiite militias raged a few miles away .
"but rice s talks with prime minister nuri al maliki focused on iraq s successes in its recent military operation in basra and its work on key legislation , including an oil and gas law that will be completed soon , al maliki s office said ."
"it is indeed a moment of opportunity in iraq thanks to the courageous decisions taken by the prime minister and a unified iraqi leadership , rice said sunday . she praised the iraqi security forces which have fought very bravely in this recent operation ."
rice is in the region for a meeting with iraq s neighbors in kuwait on tuesday .
"two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital mogadishu has left cilvians dead and more than wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday ."
"sudan ali ahmed , the head of the mogadishu based elman human rights group , accused the rebels of using civilians has human shields , while the transitional government s ethiopian allies shelled residential neighborhoods with tanks and artillery ."
"large numbers of civilians have been fleeing two neighborhoods in the northeastern part of the capital where the fighting has been taking place , witnesses reported , joining a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate already tops million ."
cnn q
"i m heading to europe this summer , and i want to bring my cell phone , but international roaming looks expensive ."
how do i keep costs down ?
"when in rome , do as the romans do ."
"switch out your sim card the little chip in the phone that carries your account information for a prepaid local one , and pay local rates ."
don t be intimidated by the prospect .
"the sim card , or subscriber identity module , is almost always located in the phone s battery compartment ."
"you ll probably have to remove the battery to get at it , but you don t need any special tools ."
"if you can t figure it out , get a european to show you they re used to switching sim cards when they switch carriers ."
"you do need to do some homework first , but it s worth it , unless you re just staying in the foreign country for a few days ."
"u . s . carriers generally charge about . per minute for international roaming , while local prepaid rates are around u . s . cents per minute for outgoing calls , and incoming calls are free ."
"there are a couple of hurdles here , though ."
"for one , not all u . s . phones work in europe because of differing radio frequencies and technologies ."
"the chance that your phone will work are best if your carrier is t mobile usa or at t inc . , but check your manual or the carrier s web site to see if you have a world phone ."
"except for a handful of models , verizon wireless and sprint nextel corp . phones don t work in europe and don t use sim cards , but do work in parts of south america ."
"if you do have a world phone , it still has to be unlocked for it to accept a sim card from another carrier . contact the carrier"
"it may give you the code to unlock the phone . otherwise , an independent cell phone store may be able to do it for a fee ."
putting a local sim card in your phone means you re now using a local number .
"two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital , mogadishu , left civilians dead and more than wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday ."
"sudan ali ahmed , the head of the mogadishu based elman human rights group , accused the rebels of using civilians has human shields , while the transitional government s ethiopian allies shelled residential neighborhoods with tanks and artillery ."
"we are condemning the warring sides in the strongest terms for violating human rights and committing war crimes against civilians , ahmed said ."
a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate already tops million .
a witness told cnn that ethiopian troops seized a mosque in one of the neighborhoods where the worst fighting was taking place .
"the ethiopians left the bodies of six elderly men outside the mosque around noon sunday and were separating men and boys from the neighborhoods and arresting them , the witness said ."
"the ethiopians are firing heavy weaponry into areas where civilians are heavily populated , while the islamic militants are firing mortars and rpgs rocket propelled grenades from within those areas , ahmed said ."
so the exchange is causing a civilian casualty toll which is unspeakable .
"somali prime minister nur hassan nur ade had no immediate comment on the latest fighting , the latest in a lengthy insurgency against his government and its ethiopian backers ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn a middle aged woman arrives at yoga class , a guide dog beside her wheelchair ."
"she slides onto a mat on the floor and begins warming up with help from the instructor , stretching her knee and leg muscles to the side ."
"another person , an overweight student , sits and places his feet on brick like props to enable him to stretch higher ."
"this is the scene at the shepherd center in atlanta , georgia , where students attend weekly adaptive yoga class ."
"post surgical conditions , parkinson s disease , stroke and arthritis may also cause some impairment . pretty much if you name a health condition , yoga can help with it , she says ."
physical therapist sarah knopf says the class popularity is due to many patients asking what else they can be doing to strengthen their bodies or overcome a health challenge quicker .
"a lot of patients with ms , for example , don t do well if they get overheated ."
"if you are doing yoga in a gym , it s a little faster paced ."
instructors say one benefit of adaptive classes is that more than one or two people in the group are doing something differently .
"protests against tibetan independence have continued sunday in several chinese cities , according to the country s state run news agency ."
demonstrators also expressed their anger about what they see as biased reporting of the tibet story by western media organizations including cnn .
"protesters gathered outside the french supermarket carrefour in several chinese cities including the northwestern city xi an , and the northeastern city harbin and eastern city jinan , the agency reported ."
the demonstrators expressed anger at the way protests disrupted the olympic torch relay in paris on april .
"during sunday s demonstrations in china , some held banners condemning tibet secessionists in france tearing up the five star red flag , according to xinhua ."
protesters were also heard shouting anti cnn slogans .
this criticism comes after remarks recently made by cnn commentator jack cafferty .
"on saturday about , pro chinese demonstrators gathered outside of cnn s bureau in los angeles demanding that a cafferty apologize and be fired from the network over comments critical of china and the u . s . government s relationship with it ."
"on april , jack cafferty , a commentator on cnn s situation room program , used the term goons and thugs while describing the conditions in china years ago ."
"cafferty issued a clarification of his remarks monday , saying the comments referred to the chinese government , not its people ."
"cnn two years ago , stephanie kaster of manhattan set out to plan the birthday party of a lifetime for her daughter ."
"so she booked a fondue restaurant , hired a musical troupe to perform as the wiggles her daughter s favorite group and ordered a four layer cake ."
each guest took home a fisher price guitar and custom cd .
some birthday parties now rival weddings in scale and price with some costing tens of thousands of dollars .
"whatever the reason , it s keeping corinne dinsfriend in business ."
"she owns over the top productions in orange county , california , a full service children s birthday party planning company ."
"we really promote a healthy balance of living year round , dinsfriend says , but it s ok to indulge your child once a year , because it s about making a memory ."
"each over the top party has a theme and is run by a team trained in child development , says dinsfriend ."
"her events from tea parties with fine china to military themed parties led by former marines usually take six weeks to plan and cost as much as , ."
that s small potatoes compared with some celebrations .
"fao schwarz , the new york city toy retailer , rents out its store several nights a week for parties ."
even more extreme is the million that former defense contractor david h . brooks of long island reportedly spent in on his daughter s bat mitzvah .
"that soiree , at the storied rainbow room in rockefeller center , featured cent , don henley and aerosmith , among others ."
"president bush and south korean president lee myung bak said saturday that there still is a chance to make progress on eliminating north korea s nuclear weapons programs , urging critics to see what pyongyang says in a required declaration before deciding whether nations are being too lenient ."
"we need persistent patience , ladies and gentlemen , lee said , accompanied by bush at the presidential retreat where the leaders met for two days of talks . it s difficult to convince north korea to give up its nuclear weapons programs , but it is not impossible ."
"nuclear talks between north korea and five other nations , including the united states and south korea , are stalled over whether pyongyang will hand over a promised full declaration of its nuclear programs its uranium enrichment program as well as alleged proliferation activities in return for concessions ."
"the north made unprecedented progress last year , including closing its working plutonium reactor , but work slowed in a dispute over how much the north had to reveal in the declaration , due in december ."
"but bush critics , especially in the right wing of the republican party , claim that the president is lowering the bar for the nation he once included in his axis of evil . they say bush appears more interested in striking a deal with pyongyang before he leaves office than in making north korea honor its pledge ."
"in his comments defending his administration s approach , the president stressed the importance of establishing effective ways to verify whatever north korea says ."
"he added , obviously , i m not going to accept a deal that doesn t advance the interests of the region ."
"new york cnn pope benedict xvi called on american catholics to understand that real freedom means surrendering to the will of god , in an address to an enthusiastic crowd of , sunday at new york s yankee stadium ."
"we think of the successive waves of immigrants whose traditions have so enriched the church in america , benedict said in his homily ."
"in this land of religious liberty , catholics found freedom not only to practice their faith , but also to participate fully in civic life , bringing their deepest moral convictions to the public square and cooperating with their neighbors in shaping a vibrant , democratic society , he said ."
"while he praised the u . s . catholic church for uniting a widely diverse flock in the profession of the faith , benedict a strict traditionalist also worked to guide american catholics toward a more conservative view of doctrine ."
"in a reference to that issue , the pope cited the inalienable dignity and rights of each man , woman and child in our world including the most defenseless of all human beings , the unborn child in the mother s womb ."
"while he did not bring up the cases of abuse of young people by priests that have rocked the u . s . catholic church in recent years , the pope did mention scandal ."
"praying fervently for the coming of the kingdom also means being constantly alert for the signs of its presence , and working for its growth in every sector of society ."
"it means not losing heart in the face of resistance , adversity and scandal , he said ."
"hillary clinton and barack obama haven t crossed paths yet during their weekend barnstorming across pennsylvania , but they have invoked each other s names at virtually every whistle stop during the final blitz before tuesday s primary ."
each candidate says the other is unfit to lead the country .
"obama has countered by taking aim at clinton over her acceptance of money from political action committees , her health care plan and her washington experience ."
but the most oft repeated charge the one mentioned at virtually every stop is negative campaigning .
"i just heard that my opponent has put out an ad attacking my health care plan , which is kind of curious because my plan covers everybody , and his leaves out million people , just leaves them out in the cold , clinton said at a campaign rally in york , pennsylvania , on saturday ."
"instead of attacking the problem , he chooses to attack my solution ."
"for his part , obama accused clinton of looking to create fake controversy around him in the race s final days ."
"in the last few months , she s launched what her campaign calls a kitchen sink strategy of negative attacks , which she defends by telling us that this is what the republicans would do . she says that s how the game is played , he told a philadelphia crowd ."
"in paoli , pennsylvania , he accused her of slash and burn politics ."
"a court commissioner on thursday authorized various lawyers representing britney spears and her family to be paid more than , out of spears funds ."
"commissioner reva goetz ordered the attorneys paid from spears assets , which are under the control of her father , james spears , and attorney andrew wallet ."
they have had control of the pop star s finances and estate since she was hospitalized twice in january .
goetz scheduled the next conservatorship hearing for may
"the son of the new dutch defense chief was killed friday by a roadside bomb in afghanistan , and the taliban claimed that they deliberately made him a high profile victim of their deadly insurgency ."
"lt . dennis van uhm , , was one of two dutch soldiers killed in the explosion miles kilometers northwest of camp holland , the dutch military base in restive uruzgan province , spokesman lt . gen . freek meulman said ."
"two more soldiers were injured , one critically ."
"meulman was standing in for gen . peter van uhm , who was installed as defense chief only on thursday and would likely have delivered the news had his son not been among the victims ."
taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi claimed that the militants knew in advance about van uhm s movements .
"when he came out , the taliban planted a mine , which killed him , ahmadi said in a phone call from an undisclosed location ."
"the dutch government , however , rejected the claim ."
"our information is that there is no indication of any link between this cowardly deed and the fact that it was the son of the defense chief , prime minister jan peter balkenende said in the hague ."
"balkenende and a military spokesman , lt . col . robin middel , refused to comment when asked whether van uhm , who began his tour of duty in afghanistan only about two weeks ago , received any special protection ."
"the attack raised the dutch death toll in afghanistan to since the government made the unpopular decision to send , troops to fight in the nato force in august ."
president bush and south korean president lee myung bak opened two days of talks friday focusing on north korea s unfulfilled pledge to disclose its nuclear activities and a u . s . free trade deal with south korea that faces an uphill battle in congress .
"bush hopes to strengthen sometimes shaky u . s . south korea ties under lee , a pro american conservative who took office in late february and made the united states his first overseas trip ."
their get to know you meeting took on renewed importance when south korea announced friday it would lift its ban on u . s . beef imports .
the dinner menu at the secluded presidential retreat in maryland ? texas black angus beef tenderloin .
south korea was the third largest foreign market for u . s . beef before it banned imports in december over the possibility of mad cow disease .
"on north korea , bush is embracing lee s get tough rhetoric against its communist neighbor ."
"but the talks between north korea and the u . s . , china , russia , south korea and japan are at an impasse over how the north should make good on its pledge to declare its nuclear and proliferation activities ."
"lee is the first south korean president to be invited to camp david , and the visit , under picture perfect blue skies , was evidence of bush s hope that u . s . korean relations will get even stronger under the new leader ."
"serena williams set up a quarterfinal match against maria sharapova at the family circle cup , overcoming a sprained ankle and sluggish performance to beat katarina srebotnik on thursday ."
the second seeded sharapova beat tatiana perebiynis .
"the russian star , coming off her first clay court title last week at amelia island , is looking for her fourth tournament victory of the year ."
"williams , a two time tournament winner this year , slipped and fell near the net when trailing in the first set ."
"sharapova and williams have met six times before , with williams holding a advantage ."
but the two have never met on clay .
"we ve always had really tough battles , sharapova said , who lost twice to williams last year at the australian open and at miami . i m looking forward to getting my revenge ."
"shanghai , china cnn in between selling tickets and greeting customers , min min turned his curvy feet tall frame to survey the spacious dance hall and revealed he is no ordinary doorman at this extraordinary place ."
"when i first started this , it was only a dozen or so of us , reminisced the former factory worker turned drag queen ."
now people or more come each night .
"tucked away in a rundown neighborhood in the city s northeast , lai lai sits atop a public bathhouse , and features cracked wooden floors and a primitive sound system ."
"its location and facilities , however , belie its prominence in a community that thrives almost entirely underground ."
"every weekend , men flock here to unleash their ballroom dancing skill as well as their true identities for three treasured hours ."
"lai lai s gay nights are only on fridays , saturdays and sundays ."
"they waltzed , jitterbugged and rumbaed in pairs to the nostalgic mandarin tunes churned out by a live band on the small stage ."
"you won t see this anywhere else , said min , organizer of this regular gathering , himself a middle aged gay man whose dual passions lie in ballroom dancing and performing in drag ."
patrons pay a mere yuan u . s . cents to enter and enjoy cheap drinks a bottle of beer costs just yuan .
"observing from the sidelines , one of min s fellow drag queens known as teacher zhang noted most older gay men don t feel comfortable going to the more expensive bars or clubs frequented by the younger generation ."
"it s a totally different culture and environment in those places , while everyone fits right in here , said the year old former soldier and retired school administrator ."
"it s a rare outlet for people to relax , to find friends or sex ."
"realizing he was gay at an early age , zhang like many gay men in china married a woman because of family and social pressure ."
he is expecting to become a grandfather this autumn .
"they have seen me perform folk dance in drag , but i will never let them see me in an intimate situation with another man ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday that proving north korea s claims of its past nuclear activities is likely to take a long time , but establishing a process to do so could advance a long stalled nuclear agreement ."
what we need to know is that we ve got appropriate means for verification .
"a team of u . s . officials will be traveling to pyongyang shortly to negotiate details over how to verify the long awaited north korean accounting of its nuclear activities , rice said ."
"if the talks succeed , north korea could produce a declaration of its nuclear history by the end of the month as part of a deal the united states has been working on with pyongyang , senior officials told cnn last week ."
"in an addendum to the main agreement , north korea also would acknowledge concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities take place ."
"the united states softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing syria with nuclear technology , key issues that stalled negotiations for months ."
"cnn an us airways pilot who aviation officials say accidentally fired his handgun in the cockpit during a flight will be fired , a spokesman for a flight officers group said ."
"the airline has begun the termination process for capt . james langenhahn , said mike karn , vice president of the federal flight deck officers association ."
"langenhahn told police that he was stowing his gun in the cockpit of a jet preparing to land in charlotte , north carolina , last month when it accidentally fired ."
the federal transportation security administration is investigating the incident .
"in an e mail , us airways representative morgan durrant said the company s policies prevent it from commenting publicly on a personnel matter ."
"karn said his group , which represents pilots who are federally trained and allowed to carry firearms on flights , will fight the termination ."
"this was accidental not intentional , karn said . this is not the way to treat a long term pilot ."
"he said he did not know how long langenhahn , , has been a pilot for us airways but said he is a veteran with the airline ."
"the bullet from the h k usp . caliber handgun penetrated the left side of the jet s fuselage but did not hit any crucial wiring or instrumentation , the tsa said ."
"the gun discharge was the first public incident of its kind in the history of the federal flight deck officer program , which has trained thousands of pilots to carry weapons in an effort to improve aviation safety ."
"created in the wake of the september attacks , the program was approved by congress as part of the homeland security act on november , ."
"north korea may be on the brink of another famine as a result of last year s devastating floods , the worldwide increase in food prices , and a malnourished population , the united nations warned on thursday ."
"north korea . . . faces a dire food shortage , u . n . world food program spokesman paul risley said at a bangkok , thailand , news conference . because of high global food prices it will be very difficult for the government of dprk to purchase food on global markets to make up the difference ."
"the democratic republic of north korea is still recovering from a famine in the s that is believed to have killed about a million people and left many children permanently stunted , according to the new york based human rights watch ."
"nearly percent of north korea s young children remain chronically malnourished , according to a recent survey by the wfp and unicef ."
"and this year , the isolated communist country is expected to see the largest harvest deficit since , according to the u . n . s food and agriculture organization ."
"we re very concerned that this year the food shortfall of , , tons of rice and wheat will mean that malnutrition will increase and that children will receive less food than they are really needing to receive , risley said ."
"the price of rice and other staple foods has doubled over the past year , it said ."
"its harvest in the past year was virtually destroyed by floods that occurred in august of , risley said ."
"the wfp said pyongyang significantly cut the u . n . group s operations in . before the cut , the program had been assisting more than million north koreans"
it is increasingly likely that external assistance will be urgently required to avert a serious tragedy .
"berlin , germany cnn police are investigating who might have decapitated scores of animals and drained them of their blood in a west german city , a spokesman said thursday ."
"over the past year the corpses of rabbits , three chickens and four wild birds have been found headless in and around the city of bochum , police spokesman volker schuette said ."
"police have formed a special commission to investigate the grisly discoveries , but so far have no clues about who may have killed the animals ."
"there is a person out there who urgently needs to be arrested , schuette said , describing the acts as very disturbing ."
"police urged people with information to come forward , saying the suspect may have been seen smeared with blood because he or she would drain the animals blood and take their heads ."
"in one case , two rabbits were decapitated while three others were taken from the same pen in a person s yard ."
"the next day , another rabbit was decapitated and left in the same pen ."
"that was naturally particularly awful for the owner to know that the suspect was back a day later on their property , schuette said ."
"samsung group chairman lee kun hee and three company officials were indicted thursday after a four month investigation into corruption allegations , according to a special prosecutor ."
"they were not arrested , however , because that would cause an enormous disruption to the company , according to the prosecutor ."
"samsung has annual sales of nearly billion , accounting for percent of south korea s economic output ."
investigators started looking into samsung in january after a former company lawyer alleged the company created slush funds worth million .
"however , an investigation found no evidence supporting an allegation that the company bribed government officials and prosecutors , a prosecutor said on thursday ."
"we can t accept the results of the investigation , said lee sang min , an official at people s solidarity for participatory democracy , the largest south korean civic group . it s nothing but an attempt to condone wrongdoing by samsung , the group told the associated press ."
"samsung apologized for causing concerns , lee soon dong , president of samsung s strategic planning office , said , according to a company press release ."
"samsung was preparing reform plans and plans to outline them in a news conference next week , the release said ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people and wounded thursday by setting off an explosive vest in a crowd mourning the deaths of two sons of a sunni arab tribal leader , the iraqi military said ."
"mourners had gathered to pay condolences to sheikh ibrahim aref al azzawi , whose two sons were gunned down two days ago , police and iraqi army officials said ."
"both sons were members of the local awakening council , a movement of predominantly sunni muslims who have joined forces with the u . s . and iraqi governments in battling islamic jihadists loyal to al qaeda in iraq ."
"the sheikh is not a member of the local awakening council , but police suspect he and the mourners were targeted because of their sympathies toward the movement , which is cutting into what has been the insurgents base of support ."
"there was no immediate claim of responsibility , but the jihadist group has been trying to scare people away from joining the movement which also includes some former insurgents and is attempting to counter its inroads ."
"in baghdad on thursday evening , seven awakening movement members died in two attacks ."
"saad al nuaimi , an awakening council leader in the southern baghdad district of dora , was killed in a drive by shooting on a bridge , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"al nuaimi s son , who was in the car with him , was wounded ."
"a roadside blast killed at least six members of an awakening council in the capital s northern neighborhood of adahmiya , the official said ."
pope benedict xvi on thursday again acknowledged the pain the catholic church s sexual abuse scandal has caused and reached out personally to some of the victims .
"the pope , along with boston cardinal sean o malley , met with a group of people abused by clergy , said the rev . federico lombardi , a papal spokesman ."
"the pope spent a few minutes privately with each of the five or six victims , some of whom were in tears , lombardi told the associated press ."
"this was a big deal i think that it has surprised everybody , vatican journalist delia gallagher said ."
"from the beginning , pope benedict decided he was going to address that . this personal contact for him was something pretty important ."
"the meeting was believed to be the first between a pope and the victims of clergy sexual abuse , the ap reported ."
the latest stop on the washington portion of the pope s u . s . tour was an interreligious gathering at the pope john paul ii cultural center .
"earlier , celebrating mass under blue skies in center field at washington s new ballpark , the pope gave a minute homily that focused on hope , repentance , unity and reconciliation among the million catholics in the united states ."
no words of mine could describe the pain and harm inflicted by such abuse . it is important that those who have suffered be given loving pastoral attention .
"during the mass , the pope said the church has worked to deal honestly and fairly with this tragic situation and to ensure that children are safe ."
cnn you know how good it feels when you fish a bill out of your jeans pocket right before it hits the wash . imagine coming into hundreds of dollars from a savings bond or a bank account you forgot about .
"you may get a letter from a company saying you have unclaimed money or property , and for a fee , you ll be able to reclaim it ."
"there s almost billion in unclaimed money from old payroll checks , utility refunds , trust distributions , stocks , banking or checking accounts , certificates of deposit and the contents of safe deposit boxes , according to estimates by the national association of unclaimed property administrators ."
"property is considered abandoned if there has been no activity on it for more than three years , according to steve larson of naupa ."
there is no time limit to claim most abandoned property .
"in fact , years from now , your great great grandchildren could claim it ."
"to find your hidden money , go to http www . missingmoney . com , an official database for the naupa that has records from most state unclaimed property programs ."
you can also link to your individual state unclaimed property program .
"former president carter met with senior hamas officials in the egyptian capital thursday , rankling the israeli and u . s . governments , which say it runs counter to their policies of not negotiating with terrorists ."
carter told an audience at the american university in cairo that the meeting lasted about three hours .
senior hamas officials mahmoud al zahar and saeed seyam traveled from gaza to cairo on wednesday for the meeting .
carter said the two hamas officials indicated that they would accept a peace agreement with israel if the plan were approved through a referendum of the palestinian community .
"it s my dream and my hope that someday in my lifetime , hopefully this year , we ll see a major breakthrough , said carter , who met with al zahar and seyam after talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak ."
carter had requested israeli permission to go into gaza but was refused .
"the year old former president was on the fourth day of a nine day study mission to the middle east as part of his ongoing effort to support peace , democracy and human rights in the region , according to the carter center s web site ."
"on wednesday , he met with a number of palestinian civil society leaders in ramallah in the west bank , including former deputy prime minister nasser shaer"
", to whom he reportedly gave a hug , which is an arab tradition ."
"on friday , carter will go to syria , where he plans to meet with hamas exiled political leader , khalid meshaal ."
"during his stop in israel , most officials including prime minister ehud olmert refused to meet with carter , angry over his insistence that israel should talk to hamas , which is considered a terrorist organization by israel , the united states and the european union ."
"ironically , carter is doing what many israelis would like their government to do , according to a recent survey ."
the poll found that percent of israelis think a dialogue should be opened between the israeli government and hamas .
"washington cnn al qaeda is still operating within pakistan s mountainous tribal region bordering afghanistan , and the united states lacks a comprehensive plan for meetings its national security goals there , said a u . s . government study released thursday ."
"despite the united states providing . billion in military and economic aid to pakistan , a key u . s . ally , the government accountability office said it found broad agreement . . . that al qaeda had regenerated its ability to attack the united states and had succeeded in establishing a safe haven in pakistan s federally administrated tribal areas ."
"of the . billion in u . s . aid , more than half . billion was specifically provided for the tribal region , the gao said ."
"rather , we found that there was no comprehensive plan that integrated the combined capabilities of defense , state , usaid u . s . agency for international development , the intelligence community , gao said ."
"the defense department said it agreed with the report s findings , according to letters attached at the end of the gao report , but the state department disagreed with them , saying there was a comprehensive plan in place ."
"a letter from kathleen turner , a spokeswoman for the office of the director of national intelligence , said that office and the national counterterrorism center concurred with the report s assessment that the united states has not met its national security goals in the tribal region but maintained that there was a plan in place ."
usaid said that it generally agreed with the report s recommendation for a comprehensive plan but that work in the tribal areas should be guided by the pakistani government s own fata sustainable development plan from .
"in their last face to face meeting before a crucial primary showdown in pennsylvania , democrats hillary clinton and barack obama went back and forth over recent campaign trail controversies before staking out differences on taxes and the economy ."
"in the end , both conceded their opponent is capable of defeating republican john mccain for the presidency in november while maintaining they would have the best chance of the two ."
"yes , clinton said when pressed to answer whether obama , the senator from illinois , could win ."
"media reports have said clinton and her campaign have been quietly courting support , chiefly from democratic superdelegates who could decide a close race at the party s convention , by arguing that obama is not electable ."
"now , i think i can do a better job obviously that s why i m here , said clinton , who promised she will do everything i possibly can to make sure that one of us takes the oath of office next january ."
"obama said clinton could win , too ."
"one thing i m absolutely certain of is , come august when we re in denver , the democratic party will come together , he said ."
"the candidates spent nearly half of the debate , hosted by abc news , tilting over flare ups that have been fodder for journalists , partisans and pundits for the past few weeks ."
"much of the fire was leveled at obama , who once again answered questions about controversial statements by his former pastor and his own comments that some rural pennsylvanians are bitter ."
"internet search leader google inc . posted a first quarter profit that soundly beat wall street s estimates , news that may assuage concerns that online advertising might succumb to a u . s . economic downturn ."
many on wall street had expected a weaker report from google due to fears that the slowing economy was weighing on sales .
"but google s net income rose percent to . billion , or . per share ."
their final meeting before tuesday s primary in pennsylvania .
rocker bruce springsteen has endorsed barack obama for president .
"at the moment , critics have tried to diminish senator obama through the exaggeration of certain of his comments and relationships , said the new jersey native , in a statement posted on his web site wednesday ."
"while these matters are worthy of some discussion , they have been ripped out of the context and fabric of the man s life and vision over here on e street , we re proud to support obama for president ."
"in february , springsteen had resisted making a choice between obama and hillary clinton , telling usa today that there are two really good democratic candidates for president ."
i admire and respect them both enough to wait and see what happens .
"but he praised obama , who cited springsteen as the person he would most like to meet in an interview with people magazine ."
"i always look at my work as trying to measure the distance between american promise and american reality , he told the paper . and i think obama s inspired a lot of people with that idea how do you make that distance shorter ?"
springsteen backed sen . john kerry s unsuccessful presidential bid .
cnn it appears the global food crisis can be averted .
the solution ? the humble potato .
it held a conference this month about the potato being the food of the future .
but it s not the only one hailing the qualities of the dirty spud .
"the united nations food and agriculture organization fao has declared the international year of the potato to raise awareness of the tuber s importance in addressing global hunger , poverty , and threats to the environment ."
"can the potato really do all of that ? according to the united nations , yes ."
"potato farming is ideally suited to places where land is limited and labor is abundant , conditions that characterize much of the developing world , the fao says ."
"potatoes are nutritious , too"
"they have the highest protein content of root and tuber crops around . percent , half the daily recommended intake of vitamin c , and a fifth of the recommended daily value of potassium ."
"in declaring the year of the potato , the fao said it wanted to focus world attention on the role the potato can play in providing food security and alleviating poverty ."
it noted the potato the number food crop worldwide is already a staple food in the diet of the world population .
"back at the international potato center in peru , where potatoes were first cultivated , years ago , they re trying to provide farmers with poor resources some help in cultivating more and better potatoes ."
"premier elect silvio berlusconi is not ruling out a possible tie up between struggling alitalia and air france klm , italian news agencies reported wednesday ."
but he said alitalia would have to keep its role as italy s flagship carrier because of its role bringing tourists to italy .
"but it has said the offer stands should the italian government and unions want to accept it . berlusconi , who won monday s national elections , has been pushing"
"israeli airstrikes and ground battles with palestinian militants on wednesday left dead , most of them palestinians , according to palestinian security sources ."
"a reuters cameraman and two bystanders were killed in an apparent airstrike near el bureij refugee camp in central gaza , according to hamas security sources and palestinian medical sources ."
"ten other palestinians five militants and five civilians were also killed near el bureij in an israeli airstrike , hamas security sources said ."
it is unclear if it was the same incident that killed the journalist .
"later , in a statement , the israeli military said we wish to express sorrow for the death of the palestinian cameraman ."
"on that note , it should be emphasized that the area in which the cameraman was hurt is an area in which ongoing fighting against armed extreme and dangerous terrorist organizations occurs on a daily basis ."
"the statement added , the presence of media photographers and other uninvolved individuals in areas of warfare is extremely dangerous and poses a threat to their lives ."
"reuters identified the cameraman as fadel shana , , and said he was getting out of the vehicle when an explosion killed him and two bystanders ."
witnesses said it was caused by an israeli airstrike .
"earlier in the day , three israeli soldiers were killed when troops exchanged gunfire with palestinian gunmen who were making their way toward the border between gaza and israel , just south of the nahal oz crossing , an army spokesman said ."
"the stunned bank teller , an avid coin collector , recognized the coins as being the same set that had been stolen from his house and called police , said saskia schneider , a police spokesman for the western german city of dortmund ."
"police said the year old man recently broke into the home of the coin collector in dortmund and made off with coins worth , ."
"had two days to be happy about it , she said , before he decided to deposit the coins for safe keeping ."
"his caution , schneider said , led to his capture . police have charged him with burglary ."
"moscow , russia cnn life behind bars in a russian women s prison is not glamorous ."
convicted murderers serve time alongside thieves and drug dealers with few luxuries .
but inmates of women s correctional colony no . are undeterred .
"every year , this prison in western russia stages a contest to find the most beautiful inmate ."
"i think a woman should be pretty when she is in prison , just as much as when she s free , said year old anna ivanova , as she put on silver eyeshadow and frosted lipstick ."
"dressed in a white lacy dress with her hair curled and pinned , it s hard to imagine she has still a year of her sentence to serve ."
contestants are judged on skills such as hairdressing .
some sing their own songs or show judges how they have choreographed their own dance .
"some competitors dress in blue two piece outfits for a belly dancing routine . one , dressed in black with a red flower in her hair , did a spanish dance ."
the contest is not just about looking beautiful to win a crown
"parole is not a prize winners get warm blankets , chocolates , and tea but the prison chief considers the pageant an important step toward rehabilitation ."
"they are involved in social activities , which is one of the criteria for earning early parole , said colonel elena kuznetsova , director of the prison in vishny volochek , about miles km northwest of moscow ."
"and they are women , she said . regardless of where they are in correctional institutions or free they need to feel like women ."
"the dollar sank to an all time low against the euro wednesday with u . s . inflation coming in three times as high as expected in march , on top of escalating food and energy prices ."
it was the quickest rise in years .
the euro surpassed its previous record of . set on april .
the euro rose because inflation overseas will likely muffle calls for the european central bank to lower its interest rate from four percent .
the bank s primary mission is to combat inflation .
"the british pound , which slipped tuesday on a series of dour economic reports , climbed to . from . ."
the dollar slipped to . japanese yen from . yen following reports in the media that merrill lynch co . will announce billion to billion in new write downs thursday .
the wall street journal said merrill s expected write downs would bring the total since october to more than billion and would mean the company s third straight quarterly net loss .
"on tuesday , the u . s . labor department reported that wholesale prices rose by . percent last month , while analysts had been expecting . percent ."
"los angeles , california cnn the truth is finally out there about the new x files movie title ."
the second big screen spinoff of the paranormal tv adventure will be called the x files
"i want to believe , said chris carter , the series creator and the movie s director and co writer ."
distributor th century fox signed off on the title wednesday .
the title is a familiar phrase for fans of the series that starred david duchovny and gillian anderson as fbi agents chasing after aliens and supernatural happenings .
i want to believe was the slogan on a poster duchovny s ufo obsessed agent fox mulder had hanging in the cluttered basement office where he and anderson s dana scully worked .
"i want to believe comes years after the first film and six years after the finale of the series , whose opening credits for much of its nine year run featured the catch phrase the truth is out there ."
"due in theaters july , the movie will not deal with aliens or the intricate mythology about interaction between humans and extraterrestrials that the show built up over the years , carter said ."
"instead , it casts mulder and scully into a standalone , earthbound story aimed at serious x files fans as well as newcomers , he said ."
"so there s a whole new audience that might have liked the show . this was made to , i would call it , satisfy everyone ."
"hardcore fans need not worry that the movie will be going back to square one , though , carter said ."
"the movie will be true to the spirit of the show and everything mulder and scully went through , he said ."
"taking antioxidants like vitamins a and e to prolong life may actually have the opposite effect , new research has found ."
"a review of studies involving more than , people found no convincing evidence that the vitamins prolonged life , the press association reported ."
"even more , beta carotene , vitamin a , and vitamin e seem to increase mortality , according to the researchers ."
"however , other health specialists said the research was flawed and the supplements were safe to take ."
"the review , published by the cochrane collaboration , involved trials on beta carotene , vitamin a , vitamin c , vitamin e , and selenium ."
"the experts said the studies involved different doses of each antioxidant . a total of , people were involved ."
"we found no evidence to support antioxidant supplements for primary or secondary prevention , they added . beta carotene , vitamin a and vitamin e given singly or combined with other antioxidant supplements significantly increase mortality ."
there was no evidence vitamin c increased longevity .
"the unauthorized , nearly three minute video of a noisy operating room showed doctors and nurses laughing , giggling and cheering ."
"at one point , a hand appeared with a cell phone camera taking a close up picture of the surgery ."
"as a doctor gingerly pulls out the six inch long canister from the male patient s rectum , someone shouted , baby out ! amid loud cheers ."
the doctor then removed the canister cap and sprayed the contents toward the crowd of nurses and doctors viewing the procedure .
"it remains unclear who shot the video and who posted it on youtube , but the person who posted it removed it from the web site wednesday ."
"the video has angered the unidentified patient , who plans to press charges , his lawyer guiller ceniza said wednesday ."
"the government run vicente sotto memorial medical center in the central city of cebu , where the surgery took place , is conducting an investigation , a spokesman said wednesday ."
dr . emmanuel gines said more than people were involved including staff and medical and nursing students from a nearby operating room .
"he said the hospital took videos of surgeries of peculiar cases , but only with the consent of the patient ."
"dr . jose sabili , president of the philippine medical association , said the group would conduct an investigation if a formal complaint was filed ."
"doctors found violating medical ethics could be suspended or expelled from the association , which would result in the suspension or termination of their state health insurance accreditation ."
"the results of the investigation could also be used by the professional regulations commission to suspend or revoke their licenses , sabili said ."
health undersecretary alexander padilla said the health department would conduct a separate investigation .
"the year old patient received surgery on january , three days after a new year s drinking spree and a one night stand with a male partner , ceniza said ."
he said his client was too drunk to remember how the body spray canister ended up in his body .
"for the results of the hospital s investigation , expected later in the week ."
"the supreme court , in a ruling , upheld kentucky s use of lethal injection as a means of executing prisoners , ruling that the method used in some states is properly and humanely applied ."
all but one of the states that perform executions use the three drug mixture .
"kentucky has adopted a method of execution believed to be the most humane available , wrote chief justice john roberts for the majority . if administered as intended , that procedure will result in a painless death ."
"kentucky inmates ralph baze and clyde bowling jr . brought suit in federal court three years ago , questioning that state s three chemical mixture and the procedures used to administer it ."
"they claim the first drug sodium thiopental which renders the prisoner unconscious , wears off too quickly , and that some prisoners are actually awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues ."
"the immediate impact of the ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions , which had been on hold since september while the high court considered this appeal ."
no executions are scheduled in the next few weeks .
"london , england cnn new technology that can see through clothing and detect what s underneath can now be used to scan crowds , making it a potentially effective tool to prevent terrorist attacks in public places ."
"the thruvision t camera picks up terahertz rays , or t rays , which are naturally emitted by all objects and can pass through fabric or even walls ."
"the camera can then image metallic and non metallic objects hidden under clothing on still or moving subjects without revealing any body detail , according to its british manufacturer , thruvision limited ."
"while similar technology is being unveiled at airports around the world , the t is designed to be used in large , open areas ."
"with a range of meters , the t can screen people in public places , thus avoiding bottlenecks at border crossings or security checkpoints ."
"amid privacy concerns , thruvision chief executive clive beattie said the image produced by the camera did not reveal detailed anatomy ."
"explosives , liquids , narcotics , weapons , plastics , and ceramics can all be detected by the camera s imaging technology , which the company says is completely safe ."
astronomers use t ray cameras to see through dust and clouds in space .
"the company sees uses for its camera at high profile sites like political or business venues , and outdoor areas like tourist attractions and sports arenas ."
the camera is already in use in london s canary wharf financial area .
"some said the camera was going too far and invading privacy , but others said they are willing to put safety before privacy concerns ."
"i don t care that they can see through me , because they can see me anyway ."
some experts said the intrusion of the camera was not worth the benefit .
"what we should consider is how much we want to lose aspects of our privacy in order to attain a sort of notional security , said david murakami wood , director of the surveillance studies network , which deals with surveillance and privacy issues . in most cases this isn t real security it s a sense of safety that has very little real effect ."
"colombian president alvaro uribe on wednesday defended his country s actions last month , when his military forces attacked a leftist rebel camp inside ecuador , a move widely interpreted as a violation of its territorial sovereignty ."
"more than two dozen people were killed in the attack , including four mexicans and raul reyes , the second in command of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia . the problem is very simple , uribe told cnn en espanol in this seaside resort , where he was attending a meeting of the world economic forum ."
"for years , colombia has suffered from farc terrorism ."
"and six years ago , colombia made the decision to overcome terrorism totally terrorism that assassinates pregnant women , mutilates little girls , kidnaps people , places car bombs ."
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama will debate each other wednesday night for the first time in nearly two months .
"the two democratic presidential candidates will face off at the national constitution center in philadelphia , pennsylvania , just six days before the pennsylvania primary . there is much at stake for both ."
"this will be the st democratic debate , and although that seems like a lot , much has happened since their last debate , in ohio in late february ."
"while obama was riding an contest winning streak back then , clinton won comeback kid honors when she took three of the four primaries held march ."
"but obama still leads clinton in states won , pledged delegates to the democratic convention and the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses held so far this campaign season ."
"clinton needs to change the momentum in the battle for the democratic nomination , and the best way to do that is to win big in pennsylvania ."
"but a new cnn poll of polls puts clinton s lead at just points over obama in pennsylvania , down from a double digit lead two weeks ago ."
"this is probably her last opportunity to change the momentum in the campaign , cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said ."
"the senator from illinois will most likely have to explain , yet again , just what he meant when he told campaign donors at a san francisco area event days ago that small town pennsylvania residents are bitter over their economic circumstances and cling to their guns and religion ."
"the failure to release the results of last month s zimbabwe elections could cause the situation in that country to deteriorate further , with serious implications for its people , united nations secretary general ban ki moon warned wednesday ."
"in unusually blunt remarks in a special u . n . security council session , ban said he was deeply concerned at the uncertainty created by the failure to release the results of the march elections ."
"tensions have risen and violence has broken out in the southern african nation after opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai declared victory over incumbent president robert mugabe a few days after the voting , based , the opposition said , on results posted outside polling stations ."
olympic judo champion yvonne boenisch of germany plans to boycott the opening ceremony at the beijing games .
"i want to send a signal and i will not take part in the opening ceremony , boenisch told german television network zdf ."
"boenisch said she would also wear a wrist band in protest over china s crackdown in tibet , but ruled out skipping the games themselves ."
"if there were a boycott , thousands of dreams would be ruined , she said ."
german olympic officials have pledged to send a team to china .
boenisch became the first german woman to win a judo gold medal at the olympics in athens where she triumphed in the under kg category .
"despite a weekend of negative coverage following his controversial remarks about some small town americans , barack obama appears to be holding steady or making gains in the next three primary states , according to a just released poll ."
"most surprisingly , the new la times bloomberg poll shows obama ahead of hillary clinton by points in indiana to percent , a state with demographics that favor the new york senator and one where other recent polls have shown her with a lead ."
the poll also shows clinton only holds a point lead in pennsylvania to percent .
that margin is among the slimmest measured between to the two candidates and is significantly less than the double digit lead clinton held there two weeks ago .
"in north carolina , the new survey shows obama with a point lead percent , a margin that is consistent with other recent polls in that state ."
pennsylvania votes april while indiana and north carolina vote two weeks later on may .
"should clinton win in pennsylvania , some political observers have said she must score a victory in at least one of the may states to make a compelling argument to continue her presidential campaign ."
"the poll was conducted over five days april , the majority of which came after obama s now famous bitter comments first surfaced ."
"bernie peng reprogrammed tammy li s favorite video game , bejeweled , so a ring and a marriage proposal would show up on the screen when she reached a certain score ."
li reached the needed score and said yes .
"word of the romantic feat in december filtered out after peng , a financial software programmer , posted details on his blog ."
the reprogramming was a tricky task and took him a month .
"the couple plan to marry over labor day weekend , and popcap , the seattle company that makes bejeweled , will fly the couple to seattle as part of their honeymoon ."
"most video game companies would frown on people manipulating their games , said garth chouteau , a spokesman for popcap ."
"but it won him a woman . as a bunch of geeks , we have to say , bernie , hats off to you ."
the company is also supplying copies of bejeweled to hand out as favors to the wedding guests .
"in the hugely popular game , players score points by swapping gems to form vertical and horizontal chains ."
"united nations cnn on the tenth anniversary of khmer rouge leader pol pot s death , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon appealed tuesday for the senior leaders of the regime to be brought to justice ."
"i would like to remind the international community of the urgent importance of bringing to closure one of history s darkest chapters , ban said in a statement ."
the secretary general said he hoped that the extraordinary chambers in the courts of cambodia will soon deliver long overdue justice for the people of cambodia .
"the united nations and the royal government of cambodia remain actively engaged in efforts to hold the khmer rouge senior leaders and those most responsible accountable for their horrific crimes , he said ."
"five former khmer rouge leaders have been detained and will face the eccc , most of them on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity ."
"the eccc , which was established by both the united nations and cambodia , became operational in , but the first formal hearings took place in fall of last year ."
more than million people died during the party s efforts to transform cambodia into an agrarian utopia before troops from neighboring vietnam overthrew the regime .
remnants of the khmer rouge continued to battle cambodia s government into the s before they fragmented in the middle of the decade .
"the tribunal , which includes three cambodian and two international jurists , is expected to continue until at least ."
crude oil prices surged tuesday settling at a new record high above a barrel as the u . s . dollar weakened further against the euro .
"light , sweet crude for may delivery settled at a record . a barrel after touching a new trading high of . a barrel in early morning electronic trading ."
the previous high of . was set april .
"the path to is cleared , said stephen schork , publisher of the oil trading newsletter the schork report ."
"ringing dollar bell the latest surge in crude prices is partly due to weakness in the u . s . dollar , analysts said ."
"as the dollar has dropped versus the euro , many investors have flocked to commodities such as oil and gold to preserve the value of their assets ."
"the euro bought . early tuesday , up from . the previous session ."
"in london , brent crude futures rose . to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange ."
"seoul , south korea cnn the co founder of myspace said he believes the popular online hangout is poised to succeed in south korea after closely scrutinizing u . s . internet services that have faced challenges making inroads here ."
"speaking after the launch of myspace s korean language version in seoul , chris dewolfe said he was confident about its prospects in a country that has proved difficult for foreign online services such as google ."
"he noted the korean language site included the exclusive function minilog , a way for korean youths to jot down everyday thoughts and feelings in a few hundred characters ."
"capitalizing on asian affinity for fancy stationery , the function has options to personalize stamps and backgrounds to resemble different types of notebook paper ."
"cultures in every country , dewolfe told a forum at seoul s elite yonsei university in the south korean capital seoul . we believe that people use web sites differently in every country ."
myspace is expected to face stiff competition from local social networking sites such as cyworld in a local market that has typically shunned u . s . online services popular elsewhere in the world .
"it is one of the few global markets , for example , where google inc . is not the dominant search engine ."
"myspace , a unit of media mogul rupert murdoch s news corp . , also plans to launch a site for india later this week ."
"last week , it expanded its offerings for latinos based in the united states ."
some who attended the forum where dewolfe spoke expressed skepticism about myspace .
"i think one major problem facing myspace is whether and how they can overcome the language barrier , said lee da young , a year old university student . i wonder how many koreans can communicate with those abroad in english ."
"kang ji hye , a year old office worker , said south koreans prefer to stick with the familiar ."
the british treasury chief made a pitch tuesday for china s billion state investment fund to invest in the uk as he visited beijing amid strains over tibet and china s trade surplus .
"we welcome the creation of the chinese sovereign wealth fund and its potential for investing in our country , chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling said after meeting china s top finance reform official , vice premier wang qishan , for talks on financial cooperation ."
darling said ahead of his trip that he would express british concern about china s crackdown in tibet and appeal for restraint . but he made no mention of the issue as he and wang appeared briefly before reporters following their meeting .
darling is the highest ranked british official to visit china since prime minister gordon brown s office said last week he would skip the opening ceremonies of the beijing olympics in august .
brown s decision came amid demands by activists for foreign leaders to boycott the ceremony in protest over beijing s crackdown on protests in tibet .
but his office said the decision was unrelated to those demands and was not a gesture of protest .
the meeting was the first in an annual series of high level dialogues that are meant to promote trade and financial cooperation between beijing and london .
darling was accompanied by executives of british and european banks and a london private equity firm .
brown visited beijing in january and said britain welcomed investment by china s government fund .
that was a break with other western officials who have expressed concern that such funds might have political motives and have suggested they should face restrictions .
washington cnn federal prosecutors tuesday urged a florida judge to sentence actor wesley snipes to three years in prison and fine him million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties .
"one week after vowing to crack down on tax defiers , the justice department filed court papers seeking the maximum penalty for the three misdemeanor counts on which snipes was convicted ."
"the fact that snipes was acquitted on two felony charges and convicted only on three misdemeanor counts has been portrayed in the mainstream media as a victory for snipes , the government document says ."
the troubling implication of such coverage for the millions of average citizens who are aware of this case is that the rich and famous wesley snipes has gotten away with it .
"for nearly a decade snipes has engaged in a campaign of criminal tax conduct combining brazen defiance with insidious concealment , the prosecutors say ."
"the document says snipes shipped millions of dollars to accounts in switzerland , antigua and the isle of man to avoid taxes ."
"given defendant s income , earning capacity , and financial resources , both disclosed and undisclosed , the united states submits that a fine of at least million is warranted , the sentencing recommendation says ."
"in the defendant wesley snipes , the court is presented with a wealthy , famous and inveterate tax scofflaw . if ever a tax offender was deserving of being held accountable to the maximum extent for his criminal wrongdoing , snipes is that defendant , it says ."
"he is not a killer , but the state of louisiana is determined to execute patrick kennedy for his crime ."
"the new orleans native faces that reality as he sits on death row at louisiana s maximum security prison , the largest prison in the nation ."
"the louisiana state penitentiary , or angola prison , is the size of manhattan and surrounded on three sides by the mississippi river ."
"unlike the , inmates awaiting execution nationwide including the other men at angola kennedy , , is a convicted rapist ."
the victim was his year old stepdaughter .
"for the first time in years , a state is preparing to execute a man for a felony other than murder ."
the u . s . supreme court will hear arguments wednesday on whether louisiana can use capital punishment in child rape cases .
the constitutional question before the justices is whether the death penalty for violent crimes other than homicide constitutes cruel and unusual punishment .
the high profile examination of the death penalty also raises anew a national debate over selective prosecution and race .
"a lot of people think there should not be the death penalty in this case because the child survives , said kate bartholomew , a sex crimes prosecutor in new orleans . in my opinion the rape of a child is more heinous and more hideous than a homicide ."
kennedy was sentenced to die in for sexually assaulting his stepdaughter in her bed .
"the crime occurred in a quiet neighborhood in harvey , across the big river from new orleans ."
"bogota , colombia cnn the highest active volcano in colombia erupted monday night , prompting authorities to order the evacuation of up to , people ."
the nevado del huila volcano erupted at p . m . monday
"a . m . tuesday et , according to the colombian institute of geology and mining ."
the eruption amounted to a level red the institute s most severe designation for volcanoes but authorities told caracol radio that darkness made it difficult to gauge precisely what had happened .
"monitoring equipment confirmed an eruption , but authorities do not know whether it has produced a column of smoke or spilled lava , marta cavache , an official with the colombian institute of geology and mining , told the radio station ."
"authorities warned of possible avalanches and urged local officials to monitor the volume of rivers near the volcano , caracol reported ."
"nevado del huila , about miles kilometers southwest of bogota , has a summit of , feet , meters ."
its first documented eruption occurred in the th century .
"president vladimir putin accepted the leadership of the dominant united russia party tuesday , securing his grip on power for when he leaves the kremlin and becomes prime minister next month ."
he was quickly approved as leader in a unanimous vote during a party congress that mixed promises of a bright russian future with traditions from the soviet past .
"putin s decision to lead united russia , announced just three weeks before he cedes the presidency to his hand picked successor , dmitry medvedev , left little doubt that he intends to remain at the forefront for years to come ."
putin cast the move as a step toward european style democracy for russia and said it would ensure that russia s political bosses and bureaucrats functioned as a single organism for the good of the people .
"today even more than before , we need the consolidation of political forces and the spiritual unity of our people , he said after all delegates raised their blue , red and white cards in unison to approve his nomination ."
but putin s decision could undercut the authority of medvedev .
"like the unanimous vote , it evoked memories of the soviet era , when the communist party chief held the real power and the formal head of state was little more than a figurehead ."
"speaking before putin , medvedev said he supported putin taking the party leadership , calling it a logical and timely step ."
"washington cnn a smiling pope benedict xvi arrived in the united states on tuesday afternoon to start the six day , two city journey that will take him from the white house to the halls of the united nations ."
"the papal plane , shepherd , touched down at andrews air force base in maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests gathered for the event ."
"after he stepped off the plane , benedict did not kiss the ground , as his predecessor , pope john paul ii , often did during visits ."
"the pontiff was greeted by president bush , first lady laura bush and their daughter jenna , each of whom shook his hand ."
it was believed to be the first time an american president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at andrews .
"it had the look and feel of a monumental and historic event , cnn s brian todd reported ."
this is the first u . s . papal visit since the attacks of september and benedict s first visit to the united states .
there will be a welcoming ceremony for the pope on the south lawn of the white house on wednesday .
benedict is to speak before meeting with u . s . cardinals and bishops .
one of the stated goals of the pope s visit is to energize the u . s . catholic community
"the largest in the world , with an estimated million members ."
"three years after succeeding pope john paul ii , benedict is likely to address the sex scandal within the catholic church , the church s relationship with other faiths , the u . s . led war in iraq and the upcoming u . s . presidential election , said john allen , a cnn vatican analyst ."
"the fallout from the sex scandal has had a serious impact on the u . s . catholic church in terms of its finances , its moral authority and the demoralization of catholics ."
"during the flight from rome to washington , the pope told reporters aboard that he was ashamed of the problem ."
"a gas tax holiday , government backed mortgages they re all part of an economic revival plan that a top aide to gop sen . john mccain described tuesday as big and ambitious ."
"the presumed republican nominee also wants to create an alternative system for paying income taxes and double the income tax exemption for dependents , mccain said during a tuesday speech at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh ."
mccain would let americans choose between the new system and the present one .
"americans do not resent paying their rightful share of taxes what they do resent is being subjected to thousands of pages of needless and often irrational rules and demands from the internal revenue service , he said ."
we are going to create a new and simpler tax system and give the american people a choice .
"the presidential candidate also called for doubling the federal income tax exemptions for dependents , from , to , ."
oil analyst tom kloza on tuesday called mccain s proposal a quick fix for people who believe cheap gas is their birthright . it s not a prudent thing to do .
kloza also said reducing demand is one of the best ways of lowering gas prices .
"specter will continue to perform his senate duties and conduct his campaign for re election to a sixth term , but will undergo weeks of chemotherapy , the written statement said ."
hodgkin s disease is a cancer of the lymphatic system .
"the recurrence was found during a routine scan , which flagged small lymph nodes in specter s chest and abdomen , the statement said ."
"antoine ghonda , a congolese lawmaker and former foreign minister , said the crash killed at least people while roughly others including five crew members"
"those numbers from ghonda , who is in touch with congolese interior ministry officials , are down sharply from earlier estimates that as many as were dead ."
it was unclear whether those estimates included people on the ground .
according to a manifest obtained by the u . s . embassy there were passengers and five crew members aboard the plane when it crashed .
a united nations driver who had seen the crash site and visited area hospitals had told cnn that the number of dead appeared to be far fewer than originally reported .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s national assembly unanimously adopted a resolution monday calling for a united nations probe into the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto ."
the move is not surprising given that pakistan s new government and parliament is dominated by a coalition led by bhutto s pakistan people s party .
"party members and bhutto s family have repeatedly called for such an investigation since she was killed december after a campaign rally in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital of islamabad ."
"the resolution calls for an international inquiry into the people behind the killing , the state run associated press of pakistan said ."
"until now , president pervez musharraf has balked at calls for a united nations inquiry ."
"his government before it was ousted from power after parliamentary elections in february had contended that the killing was orchestrated by baitullah mehsud , who as leader of the pakistani taliban has ties to al qaeda ."
the cia reached the same conclusion . but two nationwide polls conducted this year found that a majority of pakistanis believe musharraf s government was complicit in bhutto s assassination .
the cause of bhutto s death is not clear .
her family has refused to carry out an autopsy .
"but bhutto aide sherry rehman who had been riding in the car behind bhutto s when it was attacked called the government s conclusion the most bizarre , dangerous nonsense ."
rehman told cnn in february that the party wanted to look beyond the hand that pulled the trigger to focus on who organized and paid for the killing .
"and the former prime minister s husband , asif ali zardari , has called for an international and independent investigation , one under the auspices of the u . n ."
the resolution monday takes the party one step closer toward that goal .
"new orleans , louisiana cnn it s that time of year when new orleans slathers up and chills out ."
never mind how spring temperatures tend to sizzle .
"get a big hat , plenty of suntan lotion and everything will be cool in the big easy for the last weekend of april and the first weekend of may ."
"the new orleans jazz and heritage fest that smorgasbord of music , food and fun allows music enthusiasts to plan an itinerary around everything from musical lectures and demonstrations to impromptu parties ."
"and , oh yes , big name acts and niche music abounds ."
"fans stake out spots in front of stages or under shade trees at the fair grounds race track , chowing down on boiled crawfish , po boys , fried chicken and even sushi ."
"there is nothing else like it , said singer aaron neville , whose performance at the festival this year is his first gig in his hometown since katrina hit ."
"before the hurricane , neville traditionally closed out the second weekend of the festival with his brothers , in addition to doing a turn in the gospel tent ."
"for neville , new orleans hasn t been the same since hurricane katrina roared through in august , flooding percent of the city including his house ."
"i had feet of water at my house , he said ."
"while neville has been around jazz fest for three decades , the fest itself will be years old when it opens for the weekend of april ."
"opening day headliners will include sheryl crow and allison krauss as well as reggae master burning spear . music the first weekend also includes the count basie band featuring patti austin , archie bell and billy joel ."
there is also plenty of music and food available for visitors after jazz fest closes each day for those with the energy remaining to do more .
"nairobi , kenya cnn at least members of a kenyan gang were killed monday in a confrontation with police following protests in the capital city of nairobi and other parts of the country , local media reported ."
the mungiki gang set up roadblocks and burned cars to protest the suspicious killing of their imprisoned leader s wife .
"truckloads of police intervened , wielding batons and firing tear gas and live ammunition to clear the streets of protesters ."
the unrest came a day after president mwai kibaki implemented a power sharing agreement with opposition leader raila odinga .
the deal was intended to end several weeks of chaos and violence in the once stable country that followed the disputed december election .
"more than , people were killed and another , driven from their homes in fighting that took on ethnic overtones ."
"the mungiki militia , who are loyal to president kibaki s kikuyu tribe , has been accused of carrying out some of the killings ."
"it started as a religious sect , but over the years has morphed into a gang that runs protection rackets particularly in the slums ."
local media reported that gang members burned up to cars in one section of the capital .
"migwi , who spoke to cnn at a township in nairobi that houses a slum , said he had not noticed any dead bodies . but , he added , they will die later from the injuries ."
the bodies of mungiki leader s wife and her driver were found in a forest last wednesday . her throat had been slit
"the driver was bludgeoned to death , according to media reports ."
family members allege that police killed the pair .
"last year , the state funded kenya national commission on human rights blamed the police of more than extra judicial killing of kikuyu males during a crackdown on the mungiki gang for extortion and other violent acts ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn the directors of delta air lines and northwest airlines reached agreement on a merger deal that if approved would create the world s largest airline ."
"delta ceo richard anderson will head the merged carrier , which will retain the delta name ."
both airlines emerged from bankruptcy protection last year .
delta also announced on monday it reached an agreement with its pilot union to extend the existing collective bargaining agreement through the end of .
officials said the new airline would provide employees great job security and stability in the face of rising fuel costs and competition .
"customers also stand to benefit from the merger with competitive fares and more flight choices , officials said ."
"we said we would only enter into a consolidation transaction it is was right for all of our constituencies , anderson said in a statement . delta and northwest are a perfect fit ."
northwest ceo doug steenland said the combined airline will be able to overcome the industry s boom and bust cycles .
"but northwest s pilots union quickly announced that it opposed the proposed merger , complaining that delta and its pilots union had come to their agreement without input from the northwest pilots ."
"this agreement clearly disadvantages nwa pilots both with respect to economic issues and seniority list integration , said union chairman dave stevens ."
a merger built on this unstable foundation is likely to put the combined airline in a position similar to that of us airways .
stevens said that such a labor relations scenario would combine with current economic problems including the rising price of oil to place the northwest pilots and all other northwest employees at greater risk than as a stand alone carrier .
oil prices rose to an intraday trading record above a barrel tuesday after the u . s . dollar fell further and crude supplies to the u . s . and elsewhere were disrupted .
"the main driver of crude s rally was a decline in the greenback relative to the euro on monday , analysts said ."
crude oil s recent run above a barrel has been largely attributed to a steadily depreciating u . s . currency because a weakening dollar prompts investors to seek a safe haven in hard commodities such as oil and gold .
"light , sweet crude for may delivery rose to . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange midmorning in singapore tuesday , surpassing the previous trading record of . , set last week . the may contract has since retreated to"
". a barrel , up cents from monday s record close of . a barrel ."
"monday s news from wachovia supported oil prices by making the u . s . dollar less attractive , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore ."
"in london , brent crude futures rose cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange ."
toni braxton won t return to the stage on the las vegas strip until at least next month .
"braxton was released the following day , but last week s shows were canceled ."
she is due to resume her show at the flamingo showroom on may .
the exact cause of braxton s chest pain hasn t been made public .
"she has been treated in the past for pericarditis , a viral inflammation of the heart ."
braxton is a six time grammy winner for songs including un break my heart .
"china reduced the number of executions it carried out last year but still executed more people than any other country in the world , amnesty international said tuesday in its annual report on the death penalty worldwide ."
"iran remains the country with the second highest number of executions , with killings that included a man stoned for adultery , the human rights group said ."
"the number of american executions fell to its lowest level in about years , putting it fifth in the world with , amnesty officials said ."
"amnesty analysts said that early in china reformed the way capital cases are handled , leading to a substantial reduction in executions ."
"they said at least people were put to death , from in ."
"but they cautioned that the actual number is undoubtedly higher , and warned that any drop may be temporary ."
"piers bannister , a death penalty researcher at amnesty , said the group fears that the slowdown is only a logjam that will lead to a rise in executions once a review by china s top court of all capital cases is concluded ."
"more than offenses in china are punishable by the death penalty , including drug trafficking and embezzlement , bannister said ."
"amnesty reported that three countries iran , yemen , and saudi arabia put people under the age of to death , the youngest a year old executed in iran in april ."
"in all , at least , people were sentenced to death in countries , and as many as , people are estimated to be on death row , amnesty said ."
"zimbabwe s high court ruled monday that it would not force the troubled african country s electoral commission to release the results of the march presidential vote , two journalists at the court told cnn ."
"zimbabwe s opposition party had been hoping that the court would act to end more than two weeks of election deadlock , having accused president robert mugabe of holding back the release of the results ."
"the ruling was a rejection of a petition filed on april by the movement for democratic change mdc , which has claimed victory for its candidate morgan tsvangirai in lieu of any official results ."
"no one is going to steal this election , biti said . mugabe is exposing himself , the sadc southern african development community has exposed his weaknesses , but the people of zimbabwe have made their voices heard ."
"government spokesman bright matonga said the ruling was the right judgment because it allowed the electoral commission to complete a thorough review of results , the associated press reported ."
"matonga rejected claims that the court was biased toward the ruling party , arguing that the opposition was willing to apply to the court because it expected an impartial ruling ."
"zimbabwe is under international pressure to release the results , amid concerns that mugabe is stalling the process in order to remain in power ."
"zimbabwe s state run newspaper , the herald , has indicated that neither mugabe nor tsvangirai received enough votes in the election to avoid a runoff ."
a candidate must receive percent plus one vote to win without a runoff .
dozens of lawyers crowded into a west texas courtroom monday as a judge started to sort out what to do with more than children taken from a polygamist sect s ranch amid allegations of abuse .
a custody hearing for the children placed in temporary custody after a search of the yfz yearning for zion ranch outside nearby eldorado is set for thursday .
"i am very proud of all texas lawyers today , she said . if we let them do their job we are going to see the system does work ."
"walter veltroni conceded to silvio berlusconi in the italian election monday , signaling a return to power for the year old former prime minister ."
new york cnn best selling author j . k . rowling said monday that her efforts to halt a publisher s harry potter encyclopedia have been crushing her creativity .
rowling told a new york court that she had stopped work on a new novel because the federal lawsuit had decimated my creative work over the last month .
rowling is suing rdr books to stop publication of steven vander ark s harry potter lexicon on the grounds that her copyrights are being violated .
"this book constitutes wholesale theft of years of my hard work , she testified monday ."
"rdr s lawyer , anthony falzone , has defended the lexicon as a reference guide ."
falzone called it a legal effort to organize and discuss the complicated and very elaborate world of harry potter .
the showdown between rowling and vander ark is scheduled to last most of the week in u . s . district court .
the writer will spend her breaks in the seclusion of a jury room away from any die hard potter fans .
the trial comes eight months after rowling published her seventh and final book in the series .
"the books have been published in languages , sold more than million copies and spawned a film franchise that has pulled in . billion at the worldwide box office ."
rowling is a fan of the harry potter lexicon web site that vander ark runs . but she draws the line when it comes to publishing the book and charging . .
she also says it fails to include any of the commentary and discussion that enrich the web site and calls it nothing more than a rearrangement of her own material .
"david saul hammer , a lawyer for rdr books , said the publisher would not challenge the claim by rowling that much of the material in the lexicon infringed her copyrights ."
"but the judge will decide whether the use of the material by the small muskegon , michigan , publisher was legal because it was used for some greater purpose , such as a scholarly pursuit ."
"it will undoubtedly have a significant , negative impact on the freedoms enjoyed by genuine fans on the internet , she said . authors everywhere will be forced to protect their creations much more rigorously , which could mean denying well meaning fans permission to pursue legitimate creative activities ."
"in court papers , vander ark , , said he was a teacher and school librarian in byron center , mich . , before recently moving to london to begin a career as a writer ."
he said he joined an adult online discussion group devoted to the harry potter books in before launching his own web site as a hobby a year later .
"in his court statement , vander ark still sounds like a fan , saying the lexicon enhances the pleasure of readers of the potter novels , and deepens their appreciation of ms . rowling s achievement ."
but the affection no longer seems a shared experience .
"riots from haiti to bangladesh to egypt over the soaring costs of basic foods have brought the issue to a boiling point and catapulted it to the forefront of the world s attention , the head of an agency focused on global development said monday ."
"this is the world s big story , said jeffrey sachs , director of columbia university s earth institute ."
"the finance ministers were in shock , almost in panic this weekend , he said on cnn s american morning , in a reference to top economic officials who gathered in washington . there are riots all over the world in the poor countries . . . and , of course , our own poor are feeling it in the united states ."
world bank president robert zoellick has said the surging costs could mean seven lost years in the fight against worldwide poverty .
"while many are worrying about filling their gas tanks , many others around the world are struggling to fill their stomachs , and it is getting more and more difficult every day , zoellick said late last week in a speech opening meetings with finance ministers ."
"the international community must fill the at least million food gap identified by the u . n . s world food programme to meet emergency needs , he said ."
"in just two months , zoellick said in his speech , rice prices have skyrocketed to near historical levels , rising by around percent globally and more in some markets , with more likely to come"
"baghdad , iraq cnn a string of car bombs shook mosul , northern iraq s largest city , on monday , killing kurdish troops and a civilian and wounding several others , u . s . and iraqi authorities reported ."
"in the nearby city of tal afar , three people died and nearly three dozen were wounded when a suicide attacker blew himself up at an iraqi soldier s funeral , the u . s . military reported ."
u . s . and iraqi forces in mosul have been bearing down on islamic jihadists loyal to al qaeda in iraq for several weeks .
"most of the deaths in the explosions there occurred in the western district of rabiaa , where the kurdish peshmerga militia fighters were killed , the u . s . command in northern iraq reported . another five peshmerga troops were wounded in that attack , the u . s . military said ."
microsoft corp . s operating systems run most personal computers around the globe and are a cash cow for the world s largest software maker .
but you d never confuse a windows user with the passionate fans of mac os x or even the free linux operating system .
"fans of the six year old operating system set to be pulled off store shelves in june have papered the internet with blog posts , cartoons and petitions recently ."
"they trumpet its superiority to windows vista , microsoft s latest pc operating system , whose consumer launch last january was greeted with lukewarm reviews ."
"no matter how hard microsoft works to persuade people to embrace vista , some just can t be wowed ."
"for them , the impending disappearance of xp computers from retailers , and the phased withdrawal of technical support in coming years , is causing a minor panic ."
"a longtime technology journalist , gruman is more accustomed to writing about trends than starting them ."
"but after talking to windows users for months , he realized his distaste for vista and strong attachment to xp were widespread ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn richard butler , the cbs journalist rescued by iraqi soldiers in the southern iraqi city of basra on monday , described a quick escape and brilliant military work that ended his two long months of captivity ."
"the iraqi army stormed the house and overcame the guards and burst through the door and i had my hood on , which i had to have on the whole time . and they shouted something at me and i pulled my hood off , butler told tv cameras ."
and they ran me down the road .
"butler , who is british , was freed monday by chance during iraqi military operations that have been ongoing for weeks in the city , and later was handed over to the british military ."
news footage showed him hugging and shaking hands with people after he fled a house in the basra neighborhood of jabaliya .
"thank you and i m looking forward to seeing my family and friends at cbs . and thank you again , he said ."
"when asked whether the iraqi army was good , butler called the army brilliant ."
"maj . gen . mohammed al askari , iraq defense ministry spokesman , told cnn that butler was freed by soldiers at about noon monday ."
"when troops approached the house , four men opened fire on soldiers and a minute gunfight ensued ."
"one person was eventually detained and three people fled , one of whom was wounded , the ministry said ."
cbs was pleased to hear the news .
"we are incredibly grateful that our colleague , richard butler , has been released and is safe ."
he was taken on february in basra while on assignment for cbs news .
"he is apparently in good condition , a cbs spokeswoman said ."
"the office of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , who has a large base of support in basra , got involved in talks to release the men ."
"after a weekend of playing defense about his bitter comments , sen . barack obama went on offense monday against his democratic rival and the presumptive republican nominee ."
obama mocked sen . hillary clinton for throwing back a shot of whiskey in front of tv crews over the weekend and said she must think she s doing me a favor by attacking him and toughening him up for a fall race against republican sen . john mccain .
i m sure that sen . clinton feels like she s doing me a favor because she s been deploying most of the arguments the republican party will be using against me in november and so it s toughening me up .
clinton has been hitting obama hard after he referred to some small town pennsylvanians as bitter people who cling to guns and religion at a fund raiser last week .
obama later said the remarks were badly phrased but accurate .
"on sunday , clinton called the comments elitist , out of touch and frankly , patronizing , and added , you know , the democratic party , to be very blunt about it , has been viewed as a party that didn t understand and respect the values and the way of life of so many of our fellow americans ."
top seed maria sharapova won her first claycourt title by defeating dominika cibulkova in the final of the wta amelia island tournament on sunday .
"it was the first championship on clay for the year old sharapova , who had been in previous showings ."
cibulkova put up stout opposition in the first set against an opponent who had enjoyed rest on saturday after being given a walkover in the semifinals because lindsay davenport was unwell .
the th ranked slovak was appearing in her maiden wta tour final
"cibulkova had made an impressive run through the draw , upsetting no . anna chakvetadze , th seeded amelie mauresmo and no . victoria azarenka ."
"a u . s . missile overshot its target and struck a troop vehicle , injuring two u . s . soldiers and two iraqi civilians , and setting houses on fire in eastern baghdad , the military said ."
"the accidental strike on the u . s . vehicle came saturday as u . s . and iraqi security forces battled shiite militants in the capital , fighting that continued into sunday ."
"an air weapons team spotted militants setting up roadside bombs in the new baghdad district saturday afternoon and launched a hellfire missile , the military said ."
fighting erupted more than a week ago as the coalition forces worked to stop roadside bombings and rockets that are being launched toward central baghdad s international zone .
"the hellfire missile fired by the u . s . military overshot its intended target and struck a coalition forces vehicle , starting it and nearby houses on fire , the military said ."
"the other broke a leg , the military said ."
"this afternoon s events are unfortunate and our apologies go out to those innocent civilians who were affected , said u . s . military spokesman col . bill buckner . we take every precaution possible when going after the enemy , an enemy who has no concern for the safety or security of the iraqi people ."
"just before the incident , a hellfire missile hit a group of militants placing bombs in the same area , killing two of them , the military said ."
"in a separate development , an interior ministry spokesman said about , police and soldiers were dismissed after refusing to fight or neglecting their duties during last month s crackdown in shiite strongholds ."
"los angeles , california cnn britney spears motoring misfortunes continue ."
the pop star was involved in a minor traffic accident late saturday .
"no one was injured and no vehicles were damaged , authorities said ."
california highway patrol officer patrick kimball says spears was driving her mercedes on the eastbound ventura freeway just east of the freeway when the nighttime accident occurred .
spears was in stop and go traffic when her car struck a nissan in front of her that had stopped .
the nissan then pushed forward into another vehicle .
no damage was noted to any of the vehicles .
the highway patrol took a report and no one was cited .
pakistani president pervez musharraf is accusing western leaders and media of politicizing the olympics by criticizing china s human rights record and its policy in tibet .
"first of all , we consider tibet an inalienable part of china , he said in an interview with china daily on sunday . if anyone is harboring or abetting the separatists , we condemn that ."
musharraf is in beijing to meet with various chinese officials .
"last week the international leg of the olympic torch relay set off protests in london , paris and san francisco ."
the relay received warmer receptions over the weekend in argentina and tanzania .
"the torch was due to arrive in oman on monday , the only stop in the middle east for the relay ."
"the united states , great britain and other western nations have urged the chinese government to exercise restraint in dealing with the sometimes violent demonstrations held by tibetan monks ."
british prime minister gordon brown said he would not attend the opening ceremony in beijing in august .
"and while u . s . president george bush has not committed to attending the opening , he does plan to attend the games ."
"last month , the u . s . state department released a report saying the olympic host has one of the most repressive human rights record in the world ."
"you cannot superimpose the human rights and democracy environment of a western country onto other countries , musharraf added . that is the error that the west and the western media makes . this does not work at all and this must stop ."
he also said he would cooperate with china a historical ally to pakistan in the fight against terror .
"the two nations have had a close relationship for decades , with beijing providing economic , military , and technical assistance to its neighbor ."
"beijing , china cnn restaurants could be among the last havens for smokers in beijing as the city tries to ban public smoking ahead of this summer s olympics , a state run newspaper reported monday ."
"lighting up in restaurants , bars and internet cafes will continue to be allowed even after a citywide public smoking ban comes into force may , as long as the venue has provided separate smoking and nonsmoking areas , the china daily reported ."
"originally , we wanted restaurants to keep percent of the areas smoke free , but owners of chinese restaurants both big and small worried the plan would hurt their business , zhang peili , an official with beijing s municipal government supervising the ban , told the newspaper ."
"it is difficult for us to control smoking in restaurants . it s just part of the culture , he said ."
china is home to million smokers a third of the global total .
"beijing pledged to hold a smoke free olympics and last month proposed a smoking ban in government offices , sports venues , hospitals and museums ."
"last week chinese media reported it would also be extended to elementary , secondary and primary school campuses ."
"last october , beijing banned smoking in the city s , taxis , threatening drivers with a yuan fine if they are caught ."
"in china ratified world health organization rules that urged it , within three years , to restrict tobacco advertising and sponsorship , put tougher health warnings on cigarettes , raise tobacco prices and taxes , curb secondhand smoke , prohibit cigarette sales to minors and clamp down on smuggling of cigarettes ."
jimmy carter reiterated the sentiments of many democratic party leaders on sunday by saying that it would be a serious mistake for superdelegates to choose the candidate with fewer total delegates .
carter is the latest in a series of prominent democrats to say that nullifying the popular vote would be a flawed approach .
"he said that he basically agreed with house speaker nancy pelosi , who on march stated if the votes of the superdelegates overturn what s happened in the elections , it would be harmful to the democratic party ."
"heading into the key pennsylvania primary on april , hillary clinton trails barack obama by pledged delegates ."
even well known supporters of clinton have declared publicly that she needs to come first in the popular vote to win the nomination .
"i m a very aggressive supporter of senator clinton , but i think you need at least a popular vote , gov . jon corzine , d new jersey , expressed in an interview on april . later that day , rep ."
"john murtha , d pennsylvania echoed the governor s position , saying she has to be ahead in the popular vote to have any chance at all of getting this nomination ."
"though carter has not officially endorsed a candidate and made no such announcement on sunday , he hinted last week that he is going to vote for obama ."
"my town , which is home to people , is for obama , my children and their spouses are pro obama . my grandchildren are also pro obama as a superdelegate , i would not disclose who i am rooting for but i leave you to make that guess , he said ."
"beijing , china cnn china has arrested nine tibetan buddhist monks who it says bombed a government building in tibet , state media reported ."
"the monks were part of a monastery in the himalayan town of gyanbe where the bombing was carried out on march , xinhua said ."
"in recent days , china has ratcheted up its claims that a clique loyal to exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , is behind the violence in tibet ."
china has accused tibetans of planning suicide attacks to sabotage the summer olympic games as part of their campaign to push for independence .
"the dalai lama , who won the nobel peace prize in , has spoken out against violence and denied fomenting the unrest ."
"the xinhua report on the monks arrests said the men used a homemade bomb , then ran away from the scene ."
the chinese government has drawn international criticism for its crackdown last month on demonstrations to coincide with the th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising .
"the protests , which began peacefully but turned violent , have thrown a shadow over the olympics , being staged in beijing in august ."
"tibet s self proclaimed government in exile puts the death toll from those protests at more than , but chinese government restrictions make it difficult to confirm that number ."
"chinese authorities have reported a death toll of , and say most of those killed were innocent victims ."
"cnn an italian artist missing for nearly two weeks while on a tour to promote peace has been found dead in turkey , her web site and turkish media outlets reported saturday ."
"giuseppina pasqualino di marineo , known as pippa bacca , was hitchhiking with a friend from milan , italy to jerusalem dressed in wedding dresses as part of what they called brides on tour ."
she disappeared march while traveling through turkey .
"the italian and turkish governments , along with interpol , had been involved in the search for her , the italian foreign ministry said ."
"turkish station ntv and di marineo s web site said her body was found friday night near the village of gebze , on the eastern edges of istanbul ."
the station said an autopsy was still under way and that di marineo s body would be returned to italy .
ntv said police had a suspect in the case who burned di marineo s id papers and had inserted his own sim card into di marineo s mobile phone .
"di marineo s web site said the suspect led police to the body , which was buried in a forest under a few centimeters of earth ."
the web site for di marineo s project said it was her dream to hitchhike across the war torn areas of the balkans and mediterranean dressed as a bride to promote peace .
"that s the only dress we ll carry along with all stains accumulated during the journey , she wrote ."
"the two planned to visit artists , craftsmen , museums , and youth clubs along the way ."
"a summit of southern african leaders , meeting to discuss zimbabwe s electoral stalemate , concluded sunday with a weak declaration that appealed for a quick release of the results and the conclusion that the country is not in crisis ."
"the one day summit in zambia s capital , lusaka , was seen by observers as a test of the southern african development community s willingness , capability and resolve to sort out the vote fiasco , which resulted from the march election ."
the member group has failed in the past to condemn mugabe for alleged electoral fraud and human rights abuses .
it also offered to send observers if a second round of elections was warranted .
the report did not condemn the zimbabwe electoral commission s decision to recount votes in at least districts where mugabe s zanu pf party claims discrepancies even before the release of results of all votes cast .
"commission chairman justice george chiweshe said that a recount would be held april , according to the state run sunday mail ."
"mugabe , zimbabwe s president for years and under pressure on diplomatic and domestic fronts to resolve the crisis , initially planned to attend the summit , but did not ."
"morgan tsvangirai , leader of main opposition party the movement for democratic change , attended the summit and expected it to take a strong stance against mugabe s government and demand that he relinquish power ."
balloting was set to continue through monday to determine who will lead italy s rd government since the end of world war ii .
"the charismatic billionaire , representing the center right , is running against former rome mayor walter veltroni of the center left ."
"they are the main contenders among candidates vying to replace romano prodi , who stepped down as prime minister in january ."
"part of the reason for the continual collapses of italy s governments is the country s arcane electoral laws , which give the many small parties in parliament a disproportionate share of power and influence ."
opinion polls give him a good chance of winning his third term in years .
"the year old berlusconi is not considered too old for the job , nor has his health been an issue , despite the fact that he has had bypass surgery since leaving office ."
"elections are also being held for all seats in parliament , with parties in the race ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn the former communist rebels known as maoists emerged sunday as early leaders in nepal s historic elections for an assembly that could formally abolish a year monarchy ."
"but by saturday , the maoists had won of the constituencies for which results had been declared so far , election officials said ."
"the maoists , formally known as the communist party of nepal , are also leading in of the constituencies where counting continues , according to reports in the state run radio nepal ."
"for years , the maoists carried out an insurgency to replace the monarchy with a republic . the violence claimed , lives ."
the elections come two years after a peace accord in november ended the fighting .
"the country s monarch , king gyanendra , gave up most powers earlier that year after an uprising against his direct rule ."
"international observers declared the elections a success , despite violence that left three people dead one of them a candidate gunned down in front of a polling station ."
twenty others people were killed in pre election violence .
u . n . election observers had feared the violence would be much higher .
nepal s election commissioner estimated turnout of about percent much higher than previous elections .
"voters in nepal are electing an assembly that will decide whether the country continues its years as a monarchy or becomes a republic , as most expect ."
the member constituent assembly will prepare a new constitution .
"i find lin walking in a festering landscape of rotting food , plastic bags and junk at the mae sot garbage dump in thailand near the thai myanmar border ."
"his home is a makeshift shelter made from salvaged bags , cloth and wood ."
lin is one of about refugees in the dump who survive on other people s trash .
their daily routine follows the same pattern
"they mill about the dump , waiting for the next truck to arrive , hoping for enough discarded food to get them through the day ."
lin pokes through the rubbish with a machete .
he says he collects bottles and plastic for three cents a sack .
"he shows me his feet , which were filthy and ribbed with cuts ."
a recycling firm offers the closest thing to steady employment for lin and his family . it buys what bottles and plastics lin and others salvage .
life under the military junta in myanmar can be brutal .
"the country s economy is collapsing , and torture and rape under the country s military regime is commonplace ."
lin s new mother decided to flee to thailand in search of a better life . she found a garbage dump instead .
"still , she says scavenging for food in the dump is actually an improvement on her previous life ."
"the united nations established refugee camps in thailand for those who flee myanmar , but the camps are reserved only for victims of political persecution ."
"as a result , these refugees are trapped in the garbage dump not enough money to go elsewhere and no prospects back home ."
kenyan president mwai kibaki tapped opposition leader raila odinga as prime minister sunday as part of a long awaited power sharing deal aimed at settling an dispute over december s elections that led to widespread violence .
odinga s appointment marks the first time kenya s government has had both a president and prime minister .
"kibaki also named a member coalition cabinet on sunday , and thanked kenyans for their patience during prolonged talks with odinga s orange democratic movement to reach an agreement ."
"i want to assure you all that i will do everything possible to ensure that our country , kenya , is steered along the path of peace , unity and stability , kibaki said in a statement ."
"the incumbent kibaki narrowly won a new term in december amid allegations the vote was rigged , sparking weeks of chaos and violence ."
"the united nations estimates that about , people died and another , were driven from their homes ."
"israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas met sunday in jerusalem to discuss the situation in gaza , with abbas calling for israel to allow more supplies into the territory , the chief palestinian negotiator told cnn ."
"abbas told olmert that he fully backs egyptian efforts to reach a cease fire between israel and hamas leaders in gaza , according to negotiator saeb erakat ."
"olmert and abbas met last monday for the first time in nearly two months , recommiting to a u . s . sponsored push to achieve a peace agreement by the end of the year ."
abbas also is scheduled to meet president bush on april at the white house .
"cnn an explosion in a southern iranian mosque killed people and wounded more than after evening prayers saturday night , iran s fars news agency reported ."
"while an initial report said a homemade bomb exploded , a local police commander said it appeared to be a case of negligent handling of live munitions inside the mosque ."
"the blast and fire occurred about p . m . saturday in the rahpouyan e vessal cultural center section of shohada hosseiniyeh mosque in the city of shiraz , iran s state run news agency reported ."
"survivors were being treated at hospitals , the agency reported ."
"iran s fars news agency estimated people , mostly young , were gathered at the mosque saturday to hear a prominent local cleric s sermon denouncing baha i and wahhabi faiths both of which are considered heretical by some shiites ."
"fars initial reports said a homemade bomb was to blame , but provincial police commander ali moaeyri later said it was not sabotage ."
"some live munitions may have been left behind at that location , which could have been the cause of the explosion , moaeyri said ."
sacred defense is a local reference to the iran iraq war of the s .
"shiraz prosecutor hojatoleslam jaber baneshi told iran s official news agency , the irna , that a committee was investigating the cause . he did not rule out sabotage ."
"shiraz a historical city of more than million people is known for being home to many scholars , artists and poets , and for local craftsmanship of rugs and metalwork ."
which democrat is winning the battle for religious voters ?
god only knows .
"so far this year , hillary clinton has maintained an edge among roman catholics , many of them the hispanic and working class white voters who have been among the most loyal members of her base ."
"thanks in large part to that support , many surveys had also given her a slight edge over barack obama among white democratic voters who attended church of any kind regularly ."
"but in exit polls , the category of regular church goers those who attend services once a month or more were more likely to choose obama ."
"for years , the evangelical community has largely supported republican presidential candidates ."
"conservative christian activists , drawn by the party s stands on abortion , gay marriage and other social issues , have been among the gop s most reliable foot soldiers ."
"but this year , evangelical leaders have split over presumptive republican nominee john mccain , who is struggling to mend fences with some evangelical luminaries like james dobson who have expressed disappointment with his selection ."
"during the primary season , former baptist minister mike huckabee appealed directly to evangelicals as one of their own but in opinion polls conducted early in the primary season , those voters preferred either democrat to the former arkansas governor ."
"last summer , in one of the first democratic events of its kind , the party s leading presidential candidates discussed their faith and how it has spared their policy positions in a forum co sponsored by cnn ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
see the light
"to take advantage of that energizing blue boost , lift your shades the minute you get up or take a minute walk first thing in the morning ."
"and go outside as often as you can during the day , says scott campbell , ph . d . , director of the human chronobiology laboratory at new york ."
. get pumped with protein
"eat plant and animal based protein throughout the day an egg or high protein cereal for breakfast , almonds midmorning , a cup of low sugar yogurt in the afternoon and your stamina should stabilize ."
. lend a hand
how to recharge your life seconds at a time .
there may be a single mom in your family who needs a babysitter or a lonely neighbor who d love to chat .
. breathe hard more often
"lift weights , roll out the exercise ball , or do five minutes of yoga in the morning ."
climb a few flights of stairs at lunch and jog after dinner .
"then breathe out slowly , imagining you re pulling your navel toward your spine ."
. bag a new brew
"as a result , white tea has the highest concentration of l theanine , an amino acid that , according to recent research , stimulates alpha brain waves to boost alertness while producing a calming effect ."
"and because a cup of white tea contains less caffeine milligrams than other teas up to mg and coffee mg , it s more hydrating , another key for sustaining energy ."
. tackle the blahs in bursts
shake up your routine for minutes at a time to get an energy boost .
"change your walking route , sample a new food , garden for a few minutes , or pick up a pencil and draw ."
start small
tackling a really big new project may just pile on more stress .
"and think of your mini task as a chance to renew , not another thing on your to do list ."
. get hands on help
don t have time for a plus minute session ? try self acupressure .
rub the muscle between your thumb and your forefinger for three to five minutes
you should feel a little ache there and then an overall sense of ahh .
. take a tech free break
"even though both men and women say that their cell phones allow job worries to affect their home lives , only women experience the opposite effect the spillover of home concerns into work ."
give yourself at least an hour a day when you completely unplug from electronic devices .
that chance to check in and connect with yourself will re energize you .
. meditate for a minute
"find a quiet place even if it s the bathroom and mentally focus on an image that brings you pleasure the ocean , a flower , the sun , your cat"
continue to keep the image in your mind s eye as you breathe deeply roughly seconds for each inhale and exhale .
"with a little practice , you ll become more skilled at maintaining focus and can add more short meditations to your day , whenever you need revitalizing ."
. clean up your sleep
"the buzzword in sleep science these days is sleep hygiene , and it s about more than clean sheets it helps you create an atmosphere that s restful , so you ll sleep well and wake up energized without the need for sleeping pills ."
sleep hygiene usually includes three areas
"fully darkening your bedroom turn your alarm clock away from you if the display gives off too much light , regulating room temperature to a moderate coolness too hot or too cold , and you ll wake up , and using white noise a fan or quiet music to help induce sleepiness ."
"washington cnn the united states is close to finalizing a deal with north korea over its nuclear program , senior state department officials tell cnn ."
"in the deal being discussed , north korea would finish disabling its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile , the officials said ."
"in an addendum to the main agreement , north korea also would acknowledge concerns about its proliferation and uranium enrichment activities and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities , the officials said ."
negotiations over the nuclear agreement stalled for months when north korea balked at publicly admitting to a highly enriched uranium program and to providing syria with nuclear technology .
"in softening its demand for a full declaration from north korea , the united states concluded it is more important to get north korea to surrender its weapons grade plutonium than risk the deal fall apart all together , officials said ."
the officials said it is less important to have north korea confess to its past activities than it is to find a formula under which the parties have an understanding of north korea s nuclear program .
"in exchange , they said , north korea would be removed from the united states list of state sponsors of"
terrorism and would have sanctions removed under the trading with the enemy act .
"we have found a formulation which is probably good enough to address north korea s past behavior , one official said ."
"north korea has allowed u . s . officials , including assistant secretary of state christopher hill , to visit a missile factory believed to have been used for uranium enrichment in an effort to prove there were no ongoing enrichment activities ."
"hill told cnn it is still important to resolve north korea s uranium and proliferation activities , but north korea s plutonium is the more immediate threat because it can be used to make nuclear weapons ."
"north korea still has difficulty admitting things publicly , hill said . we still have to deal with the proliferation issue and the heu highly enriched uranium program , but it is very important to get a plutonium declaration that is not only accurate but is completely verifiable ."
"the united states also wants the deal to address japan s questions about north korea s alleged abductions of more than a dozen japanese citizens in the s and s , officials said ."
"new york cnn a nude photo of france s first lady was auctioned thursday for , , about times more than anticipated , the christie s auction house said ."
"the image was taken by photographer michel comte in , when carla bruni sarkozy was one of the world s most sought after models ."
"the by inch photo was bought by an anonymous bidder on behalf of a collector , christie s said ."
"it was part of a selection of photographs auctioned by collector gert elfering that also included nude photos of models lauren hutton , gisele bundchen and kate moss ."
"the money from the sale of the bruni sarkozy photo will go to the swiss charity sodis , which provides clean drinking water to developing nations , christie s said ."
a late night call to french president nicolas sarkozy s office was not immediately returned thursday .
"the office previously declined to comment on the sale , saying it concerned the leader s private life ."
"sarkozy divorced his second wife in october and married the italian born former model , now a successful singer , in february after a quick courtship ."
"bruni sarkozy made her first state visit as france s first lady in late march with a two day trip to britain , where she and her husband attended a lavish banquet held by queen elizabeth ii ."
"cnn eight florida teenagers six of them girls will be tried as adults and could be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged roles in the videotaped beating of another teen , the state attorney s office said thursday ."
three of them are also charged with tampering with a witness .
"the only attorney for the teens who has been publicly identified did not return calls from cnn , and his assistant cited the gag order as the reason ."
the video shows a brutal scene
"the year old victim is punched , kneed and slapped by other girls ."
"she huddles in the fetal position , or stands and screams at her attackers , but the assault continues ."
authorities say the eight teens said they were retaliating for insults posted on the internet by the attack victim .
polk county sheriff grady judd called the march attack animalistic .
"i ve been involved in law enforcement for years , and i ve seen a lot of extremely violent events , but i ve never seen children , to years of age , engage in this conduct for a minute period of time and then make these video clips , he said ."
police say the teens planned to post the video on youtube .
"the victim , a year old from lakeland , florida , was hospitalized , and still has blurred vision , hearing loss , and a swollen face , her mother told cnn on wednesday ."
the video shows only girls doing the beating judd said the boys acted as lookouts .
manager joe girardi shook up the struggling new york yankees lineup before thursday night s game against the kansas city royals .
"hideki matsui started in right field for the first time since , while alex rodriguez batted third ."
"he had hit cleanup in the first nine games , and in of the games he started last year ."
jorge posada was in the cleanup spot .
"the royals started left hander john bale against the yankees , who had scored two runs in innings entering the game and with runs this season had the second lowest total in the al ."
"on the season , the yankees were for . with runners in scoring position ."
"we ve had some guys who have played a bunch of days in a row and we re facing a left hander , so we ll get some of our right handers out there ."
"girardi said he was comfortable with matsui in right , and matsui said it was a matter of focus ."
"obviously , i m not as used to right field , so i need to pay attention to things i m not used to . i haven t had as much opportunity to play in the outfield as i have in the past , but it doesn t affect me because i ve played out there so much in the past , matsui said through an interpreter ."
the channel televen says the simpsons has been replaced in its a . m . slot by baywatch hawaii .
the change was made friday after the national telecommunications commission opened an administrative proceeding saying it had received complaints from some viewers about the simpsons .
the agency says showing the simpsons during a time slot for all viewers could violate venezuela s law of social responsibility in radio and television .
"china s currency nudged past . yuan to the u . s . dollar thursday , a milestone bound to please beijing s trading partners and dismay exporters struggling to remain competitive in overseas markets ."
the official xinhua news agency reported that the yuan was trading at . to the first time it has ventured below the yuan mark since the government loosened the unit s peg to the dollar in .
the yuan has gained about percent in value since then .
that has made chinese made products more expensive overseas while shrinking the yuan denominated value of profits from exports .
"the stronger yuan is squeezing china based exporters , including multinationals , at a time when they already are wincing at surging costs for labor , energy and materials ."
"our costs keep rising and the dollar is falling so we make less money than ever before , said a quality control manager at ei global , an exporter of small promotional items ."
"the united states wants the yuan to appreciate faster , and some american lawmakers are calling for punitive tariffs on chinese imports ."
"washington reported a . billion trade deficit with china last year , its highest on record with any country ."
"during a visit to beijing last week , u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson reiterated calls for beijing to let the yuan trade more freely ."
"korolyov , russia cnn a russian soyuz spacecraft carrying south korea s first astronaut docked successfully at the international space station on thursday ."
"the soyuz tma craft and its passengers yi so yeon , a south korean bioengineer , and cosmonauts sergei volkov and oleg kononenko hooked up with the orbiting station two days after its launch from the baikonur cosmodrome ."
"the docking went on as scheduled in automatic mode , mission control spokesman valery lyndin said ."
the flight was the first mission for all three space travelers .
"our cosmonauts had no experience but , as you saw , everything went successfully , vitaly davydov , deputy head of federal space agency , said at a news conference at russia s mission control in korolyov just outside moscow ."
"ko san , a mathematician , was originally supposed to fly on the soyuz ."
"he was relegated to the backup crew in march after he was accused of removing technical materials from a cosmonaut training center library without authorization . yi , ko s backup , replaced him on the primary crew ."
"russian space officials referred to yi as a space flight participant , a title reflecting her status as a commercial space traveler ."
"pak hong yul , the head of south korea s space agency , sounded somewhat vexed when russian officials said they were referring to yi as a participant of space flight because of her lack of previous space experience ."
"no matter what she is called , she is our first korean astronaut , pak snapped ."
"yi is to return to earth on april , along with two of the station s other current occupants , american astronaut peggy whitson and flight engineer yuri malenchenko ."
"islamic terrorists planned to attack beijing , shanghai and other chinese locations with poisonous gas and explosives to sabotage the summer olympic games , china announced thursday ."
"chinese authorities arrested suspects during a day series of raids that ended on sunday , according to a statement from the ministry of public security ."
"the raids in urumqi , the capital of the xinjiang uighur autonomous region , also netted about pounds . kg of explosives , eight detonators , two explosive devices , and some propaganda materials for holy war ."
"we know that their goal was very clear that is , specifically to sabotage the staging of the beijing olympics , communist party secretary wang lequan said ."
"the xinjiang autonomous region in northwestern china is home to about million people , most of them muslims and other minorities ."
"the terrorists planned to target hotels in beijing and shanghai that were frequented by foreigners , as well as government buildings and military bases , according to the ministry s statement ."
"the group also planned to kidnap foreign journalists , tourists and olympic athletes to make influences on international communities to undermine the beijing olympics , the ministry said ."
"in a previous raid in january , people were arrested in xinjiang in connection with another plot targeting the games , according to thursday s statement from the public security ministry ."
chinese authorities also recovered jihadist propaganda and bomb making equipment during that raid .
"atlanta , georgia cnn when your child has an emergency , you want a hospital with child sized medical equipment , pediatricians who are right there or at least minutes away , and little things like cartoons in the examining room ."
but how do you find a child friendly er and what are other ways to prepare for a trip to the er with your child ?
. find the right hospital
"do this now , when everything s calm , not when your child s bleeding profusely ."
you live near a children s hospital .
this is a no brainer go there .
find a hospital close to you with this list of children s hospitals in the u . s .
"there s a children s hospital in your area , but a general hospital is closer ."
this is a little trickier .
"dr . emory petrack , former chief of emergency medicine at rainbow babies and children s hospital in cleveland , ohio , says when it s a truly critical emergency , get to the nearest hospital . truly critical emergencies include severe pain , trauma with multiple injuries , and difficulty breathing ."
"the child can receive initial emergency treatment and can be stabilized as needed , he says , and transferred to a children s hospital if necessary ."
"on the other end of the spectrum , if it s a relatively small problem a minor burn , for example , or a cut that requires a few stitches it may not be worth a long trip to a pediatric hospital , says dr . joseph luria , medical director of the emergency department at cincinnati children s hospital medical center ."
"luria says if the problem is in between minor and life threatening , it could well be worth the trip to the children s hospital ."
you live far away from a children s hospital .
"in this case , you ve got some detective work to do ."
you have to figure out which hospital in your area is the most child friendly .
"child friendly means both good medical care and staff that work well with babies and children , petrack says ."
keep in mind there may not be a kid certified er within a reasonable distance from your home .
you can still take your child to a local hospital and you should in case of an emergency
petrack recommends asking your pediatrician and other parents for recommendations .
. keep a list of your child s medications with you at all times
"in an emergency , you don t want to be digging through your rattled brain for the name of the medicine your child takes , the dosage , and how often she takes it ."
have them written out and with you at all times .
"if your child has a medical condition , you should also keep a health history with you at all times ."
"the bank of england has cut its base lending rate a quarter point to percent , the lowest rate in months ."
but a number of analysts still say that further rate cuts are needed .
"the widely expected decision comes in the face of contrary pressures from rising inflation , sagging house prices and falling consumer confidence ."
the bank s key rate hit its recent peak of . percent in july and stayed there until december .
the last time the rate was as low as percent was november .
"the bank of england s head of markets , paul tucker , last week said rates would fall gradually and that the central bank was prepared to tolerate increased slack in the economy to counterbalance inflationary pressures ."
"new york cnn when aaron jones walks gozer , his rottweiler hound mix , people cross the street to avoid them ."
"he s the nicest dog i know , said jones , , of oakland , california . it s hard to understand all the fear ."
"gozer isn t aggressive and doesn t look mean or bark , jones insists people are afraid of the dog purely because it s big and black ."
"according to animal shelter officials , big , black dogs like gozer have more trouble finding a happy home than do other dogs ."
some shelters even have a name for it big black dog syndrome .
"nobody tracks the problem nationally , and local shelters often keep only limited data on the sizes , breeds and colors of the dogs that are adopted or put down , according to the humane society and the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals ."
"but anecdotally , said stephen musso , executive vice president of the aspca , that s what we hear from shelter after shelter big , black dogs just don t get adopted ."
"at the city animal shelter in rogers , arkansas , big , black dogs almost always make up the bulk of the animals put to sleep each month ."
"last month , of the dogs killed by the city were large and black mostly labs , shepherd mixes , pit bull mixes and rottweillers , said rhonda dibasilio , manager of the city animal services department ."
it s not just that large dogs can be frightening
"animal shelters say black dogs of all sizes are difficult to photograph for online listings , and are hard to spot against the shadows of their crates and cages in dimly lighted kennels ."
"people are often wary of dark dogs because it s difficult to read their expressions , said paul nicosi , the dog behavior specialist at bide a wee animal shelter in new york city ."
"without defined eyebrows , a playful grin might be construed as an angry grimace , he said ."
"there isn t a lot of contrast between black eyes and a black face , so people can t get a handle on how the dog is feeling , nicosi said ."
president bush on thursday said serious and complex challenges remain in iraq that will prevent further withdrawals of u . s . troops this summer despite a reduction in violence in the past year .
"speaking after two days of congressional testimony by the top u . s . officials in iraq , bush credited his deployment of nearly , additional troops last year for a major strategic shift in the conflict ."
"the president also announced he will reduce combat tours from to months , citing the heavy strain on troops and their families ."
the shortened tours would apply only to troops deployed on or after august and would not cut back tours for those currently in iraq .
"our nation owes a special thanks to the soldiers and families who have supported this extended deployment , bush said ."
"bush s progress report on iraq comes after he met with gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq , and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq ."
petraeus and crocker spent two days this week on capitol hill testifying on the status of the year old war .
the president said there is much work ahead in iraq but noted cooperation from the iraqis is stronger than ever .
"no one wants to achieve this goal more than the iraqis themselves , he said ."
"narita , japan cnn the dalai lama said he supports china s hosting of the summer olympics on thursday , but insisted that nobody had the right to tell protesters demanding freedom for tibet to shut up ."
"i really feel very sad the government demonizes me . i am just a human , i am not a demon ."
"protests have been held in cities around the world in a show of sympathy for tibet , where anti government riots erupted last month ."
"parades of the passing of the olympic torch have faced massive demonstrations , most recently in san francisco ."
"the dalai lama said the demonstrators had the right to their opinions , though he called for nonviolence ."
nobody has the right to tell them to shut up . one of the problems in tibet is that there is no freedom of speech .
"chinese authorities have tightly restricted access to tibet and tibetan areas of western china , where protests also broke out ."
"the crisis is the expression of their tibetans deep regret , he said ."
"japan s government has been relatively quiet about the violence in tibet and , out of deference to beijing , does not deal officially with the dalai lama ."
the ioc has stripped the medals from marion jones united states relay team mates at the olympics because of her doping history .
the international olympic committee executive board on thursday disqualified the athletes who won gold in the x meter relay and bronze in the x m relay in sydney .
"ioc legal adviser francois carrard , who assisted the disciplinary panel investigating the case , said the u . s . olympic committee had been ordered to return the medals ."
the decision follows the admission by jones last year that she was doping at the time of the sydney olympic games .
"she returned her five medals last year and the ioc formally stripped her of the results in december . jones won gold in the m , m and x m relay , and bronze in the long jump and x m relay ."
"jones team mates on the x m squad were jearl miles clark , monique hennagan , latasha colander richardson and andrea anderson ."
"the x m relay squad also had chryste gaines , torri edwards , nanceen perry and passion richardson ."
"the runners had previously refused to give up their medals , saying it would be wrong to punish them for jones violations ."
"they have hired a u . s . lawyer to defend their case , which could wind up in the court of arbitration for sport ."
"the decision was based on the fact that they were part of a team , that marion jones was disqualified from the sydney games due to her own admission that she was doping during those games , ioc spokeswoman giselle davies said ."
she was part of a team and she competed with them in the finals .
"the top u . s . military officer warned thursday he is deeply concerned about the situation in afghanistan , adding that maintaining troops in iraq is harming overall u . s . military capabilities ."
defense secretary robert gates said the united states needs more troops to hold areas of southern afghanistan and to train local army and police personnel .
"the chief executive of american airlines , which has grounded about , flights in the past two days delaying and stranding more than than , passengers"
"i am profoundly sorry for having gotten into this situation , american ceo gerard arpey told reporters thursday afternoon , referring to the federal aviation administration order that md jets be grounded for inspections at american and other airlines ."
"london , england cnn a london department store has started selling coffee for a shot ."
"if the price sounds unappealing , then shoppers also have to overcome the unusual method of cultivation , which sees the coffee beans harvested from the faeces of an indonesian jungle cat ."
"even so , the peter jones store says the luxury blend called caff eacute"
raro is one of the world s rarest and most premium coffees .
"raro combines jamaican blue mountain and kupi luwak , two extremely rare coffees ."
the beans of kupi luwak are harvested after first being ingested by civet cats and only around kilos of the coffee is produced each year .
"the coffee , which went on sale yesterday , is either available at for a shot at the peter jones espresso bar , or shoppers can buy g packs of the coffee beans to take away for the same price ."
"it s not exactly flying off the shelves it s very expensive after all but customers are buying it , barkhuzen said ."
the proceeds from the coffee sales will go to charity .
"sen . john mccain , in an effort to woo women voters , spent thursday with the hosts of abc s the view a show targeted at women , a key voting bloc ."
mccain got a warm welcome but offered a businesslike greeting handshakes for the hosts .
"barack obama gave us a hug , co host joy behar told him ."
"then he was coaxed into some hugs , a telling lesson for the republican candidate to embrace a giant challenge the gender gap ."
"that gap is something the arizona senator needs to tackle , said carly fiorina , a mccain adviser and former hewlett packard ceo ."
"we need to acknowledge that it exists , and we need to be up front in saying we want to narrow that gap , we are going after the woman vote and he needs to be communicating aggressively both directly and through his surrogates with women all over this country , she said thursday ."
a recent pew survey from march showed mccain s support among women lagging far behind that of his democratic rivals .
"according to pew , obama leads mccain among women , percent to percent ."
"sen . hillary clinton , meanwhile , leads mccain among women , percent to percent ."
australian open finalist jo wilfried tsonga has been ruled out of france s davis cup quarterfinal against the united states this weekend because of a right knee injury .
"tsonga felt pain in his right knee which was similar to the pain he felt playing doubles in miami last week , said a statement from the french tennis federation fft ."
clement will team up with michael llodra in the doubles while richard gasquet and paul henri mathieu play the singles .
"violence raged for a fourth straight day in baghdad s sadr city , leaving more iraqis dead on wednesday ."
"at least seven people were killed and others wounded in a mortar attack and gunfire , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"six people died in clashes between u . s . and iraqi forces and members of the mehdi army , the militia of radical shiite cleric muqtada al sadr ."
five people were killed and others were wounded when attackers fired at a tent of mourners for a person killed in this week s fighting .
"an unmanned aerial vehicle killed two armed criminals attacking security forces , the u . s . military said ."
"the international zone , the seat of u . s . power in baghdad known as the green zone , was hit again wednesday by rockets or mortars , the u . s . embassy said ."
the u . s . military said shiite militants backed by iran have been staging such attacks .
wednesday s violence falls on the fifth anniversary of the fall of baghdad .
"it also comes as the two top american officials in iraq , commanding gen . david petraeus and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , testify before u . s . congressional committees about the status of the war ."
they said tuesday that iranian agents and weapons are fueling the ongoing strife there and that further u . s . troop withdrawals will have to wait .
"clashes in sadr city , a shiite enclave in the capital , has killed iraqis and wounded since sunday , and nine u . s . troops have died in baghdad during the same period ."
"zimbabwe s high court will wait until monday to issue its ruling on whether it will order the electoral commission to release the march presidential results , a journalist at the courtroom told cnn ."
"given that it was an urgent matter . . . we thought it would be earlier , mdc lawyer andrew makoni said ."
"lawyers for the zimbabwe electoral commission had earlier claimed it would be too dangerous to release the results of the country s recent presidential elections , and warned that they may not comply with any court order to make them public , the journalist told cnn ."
"the high court resumed deliberations wednesday on whether to order the electoral commission to go public with the results of the march election , the journalist said ."
"meanwhile , attorneys for the opposition movement for democratic change argue that zimbabweans are anxious to know the results of the election , and so is the international community ."
zimbabwe is under international pressure to release the results amid concerns of heightened political tensions
"the country s state run newspaper , the herald , has indicated that neither president robert mugabe nor challenger morgan tsvangirai received enough votes in the election to avoid a runoff ."
"but because the zimbabwe electoral commission has yet to announce the results , it is unclear whether a runoff is required ."
cnn scoring bargain accommodations in rome can be as tricky as deciphering ancient ruins .
"but you re in luck we ve done the homework and unearthed nine charming , affordable hotels ."
albergo del sole al biscione
first impression
one of rome s oldest working hotels built on the site of the ancient theater of pompey and in business since the th century the albergo exudes a sense of shabby chic that only a place with this much history could pull off .
"wood beamed ceilings , tall windows and rough hewn furnishings are pleasantly reminiscent of an old farmhouse rather than a city center hotel ."
"some of the rooms have access to the communal terrace , but you ll pay more . budget travel gallery"
the hotel affords gorgeous views of church domes and rooftops from flower lined terraces with tables and benches .
ignore the gaudy s style neon sign out front and try not to be put off by the gaggles of tourists milling around the lobby .
free wifi ?
credit cards accepted
details
solealbiscione . it .
"double with shared bath from , double with a private bath from , double with terrace access from ."
lower weekly rates with the sixth night free are available in june .
the beehive
first impression
"a hip , eco conscious hotel that reflects the tastes and personal touches of its owners , a couple transplanted from l . a ."
"beaded lamps , surfing inspired prints and mod furnishings make for six appealing and spacious rooms ."
"three self catering apartments , which share a bathroom , a kitchen and common areas , are located about minutes off site in esquilino , rome s chinatown ."
the pervasive sense of understated style and wellness
a garden with lemon and fig trees an organic vegetarian caf eacute
"the owners cat , ingmar , has free run of the place , so those with feline allergies take note ."
"if you re looking for privacy first and foremost , the communal feeling might be off putting ."
free wi fi ?
cash only for apartments .
details
"private rooms from , dorm beds from per person , apartment rooms from ."
hotel antico borgo di trastevere
first impression
the hotel is classic trastevere
"quiet cobbled streets outside , exposed beam ceilings inside accompanied by the smell from wood burning pizza ovens and the chime of church bells ."
"a th century private residence , the room hotel retains much of its original appeal thanks to hand painted floor tiles , heavy wooden shutters and idiosyncrasies like nooks and sloped ceilings ."
staying in trastevere has increasingly come to mean losing a night s sleep .
"but this hotel is safely across viale trastevere , just far enough into the quiet part of the neighborhood to save guests from sacrificing shut eye ."
"rooms are tiny , and the staff can be difficult , especially if you need to make a special request or require help arranging anything extra ."
free wi fi ?
"credit cards accepted amex , mc , visa ."
details
hoteltrasteverehouse . it .
"bangkok , thailand cnn the bodies of migrant workers from myanmar were found wednesday suffocated in a freezer on the back of a truck , police said ."
"torsak harnsanam , a police officer at suksumran police station in ranong province in southern thailand , said a village chief alerted police at p . m . a . m . et that he had found the truck ."
"police investigated and , in addition to discovering the bodies , found other migrants from myanmar who were alive inside the freezer , harnsanam said ."
some survivors were taken to a hospital in a nearby village others were jailed .
"survivors told police they sneaked into ranong province from myanmar s victoria point by fishing boat , according to reports from the associated press ."
they were then packed into a small container truck for a trip to phuket .
ranong province is located about kilometers miles south of bangkok just across from myanmar s victoria point .
"the province is regarded as a major trading route between the two countries , the ap reported ."
"thailand has long depended on inexpensive labor from neighboring countries , including cambodia , laos and myanmar , which formerly was known as burma ."
"the thai government allows only a small number of immigrants from those countries , which has led to a number of smuggling cases ."
"there are about a million myanmar workers registered to work in thailand , and an additional million estimated to be in the country illegally to work mostly as laborers , the ap reported ."
"some of the myanmar migrants flee their country to escape armed conflicts between ethnic minority rebels and the myanmar army , and others for lack of economic opportunity in their impoverished country , one of the poorest in asia ."
"many of those myanmar migrants who do make it to thailand , many illegal workers , wind up being abused by their employers ."
"the london based human rights group amnesty international found in a report that workers from myanmar take jobs that thais consider too dirty , dangerous or demeaning , the ap reported ."
"washington cnn abu ubaida al masri , a senior al qaeda commander suspected of helping plan the london subway bombings , died of natural causes in pakistan , u . s . counterterrorism officials said wednesday ."
"al masri was considered an explosives expert and one of the terrorist network s top figures , with close ties to osama bin laden and his deputy , ayman al zawahiri ."
"one u . s . official described him as a very bad , bad guy ."
"according to the official , al masri died several months ago in pakistan , possibly from hepatitis ."
"a pentagon source , speaking on condition of anonymity , said military officials had no reason to doubt reports that al masri had died ."
officials described him as a longtime jihadist who first fought against the soviet occupation of afghanistan in the s .
"al masri fled afghanistan after the u . s . invasion that followed those attacks , but continued to operate along the mountainous border region with pakistan ."
officials said he helped plan external attacks and train jihadists to carry out those plots .
"the baby , lali , apparently has an extremely rare condition known as craniofacial duplication , where a single head has two faces ."
"my daughter is fine like any other child , said vinod singh , , a poor farm worker ."
"lali has caused a sensation in the dusty village of saini sunpura , miles east of new delhi ."
"when she left the hospital , eight hours after a normal delivery on march , she was swarmed by villagers , said sabir ali , the director of saifi hospital ."
"she drinks milk from her two mouths and opens and shuts all the four eyes at one time , ali said ."
"rural india is deeply superstitious and the little girl is being hailed as a return of the hindu goddess of valor , durga , a fiery deity traditionally depicted with three eyes and many arms ."
"up to people have been visiting lali at her home every day to touch her feet out of respect , offer money and receive blessings , singh told ap ."
"lali is god s gift to us , said jaipal singh , a member of the local village council . she has brought fame to our village ."
village chief daulat ram said he planned to build a temple to durga in the village .
"i am writing to the state government to provide money to build the temple and help the parents look after their daughter , ram said ."
"lali s condition is often linked to serious health complications , but the doctor said she was doing well ."
"she is leading a normal life with no breathing difficulties , said ali , adding that he saw no need for surgery ."
"the world economy will slow sharply this year , according to an international monetary fund forecast , with the united states sliding into a recession amid housing , credit and financial slumps ."
"the imf , in a world economic outlook released wednesday , slashed growth projections for the united states the epicenter of the woes and the global economy as a whole ."
"economic growth in the united states is expected to slow to a crawl of just . percent this year , which would mark the worst pace in years , when the country last suffered through a recession , the imf said ."
the united states won t fare much better next year the imf projected the u . s . economy will grow by a feeble . percent in .
"the u . s . economy will tip into a mild recession in as the result of mutually reinforcing cycles in the housing and financial markets , the imf said ."
many private economists and members of the u . s . public believe the country has already fallen into its first recession since .
"for the first time , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke acknowledged last week that a recession was possible ."
"an increasing number of analysts think the u . s . economy , which grew by . percent in , started shrinking in the first three months of this year and is still contracting ."
"under one rough rule , if the economy contracts for six straight months it is considered to be in a recession ."
"a panel of experts at the national bureau of economic research that determines when u . s . recessions begin and end , however , uses a broader definition , taking into account income , employment and other barometers ."
"looking at other countries , the imf trimmed its projection for germany , with economic growth slowing to . percent this year and weakening to percent in ."
"in britain , growth will slow to . percent this year and next . france also will see growth decelerate to . percent this year and . percent next year ."
"japan s economy will expand by . percent this year and . percent next year , which would mark a loss of momentum from last year . canada s growth would slow to . percent this year and pick up slightly to . percent next year ."
"moscow , russia cnn a cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed wednesday that two women died and were buried inside ."
"the former cave dweller , vitaly nedogon , relayed his claims to russian tv journalists , according to anton sharonov , a spokesman for the administration of penza , a region southeast of moscow ."
the official said nedogon did not report the information to police or authorities .
"once the rest of the apocalyptic sect leaves the cave , investigators will move in to try to confirm nedogon s report , sharonov said ."
"nedogon and others left the cave , said to be near the village of nikolskoye , about kilometers miles from the russian capital , about a week ago , after part of its ceiling collapsed ."
"he claimed two women died at different times during the cult s seclusion , which began in november ."
"one woman died of cancer and the other from excessive fasting , he told the media ."
"however , sharonov told the russian news agency interfax , the penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally , which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it ."
"sharonov said those who remain in the cave told penza officials during negotiations that they would come out by the russian orthodox easter , on april ."
"he said officials believe people are left in the cave , but only nine will be alive if nedogon s report is true ."
"according to interfax , penza deputy governor oleg melnichenko , who is leading the local effort to resolve the situation , said he was unaware of any deaths in the cave ."
"the cave ordeal began when kuznetsov , the group s leader , told his followers to hide themselves to await the end of the world , which he predicted would take place in may ."
they had threatened to commit mass suicide if authorities tried to intervene .
"thirty five sect members are believed to have entered the cave initially , interfax said ."
the husband of hostage ingrid betancourt vowed wednesday to plunge off into jungle villages to hunt for clues to her situation following the failure of government backed effort to aid her .
"i want to talk to the people . . . to see if she is alive or not , what her state of health is , juan carlos lecompte said after he landed in san jose del guaviare , a steamy provincial capital in eastern colombia ."
lecompte told reporters he would drive to outlying villages to seek information .
"he said he had come to learn about her situation , but has not had any contact with the leftist rebels holding her ."
"a citizen of both france and colombia , betancourt was campaigning for colombia s presidency when she was kidnapped in ."
former hostages who spent time with betancourt say they believe she has hepatitis b and suffers from depression .
"but we don t know if she has hepatitis , said her ex husband , fabrice delloye , to associated press television news in paris , france , on wednesday ."
"chances of a quick release seemed remote after leaders of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , rejected a request by france , switzerland and spain to treat and possibly rescue her ."
"in a statement posted on the internet on tuesday , the farc said it would not unilaterally release hostages and would only exchange betancourt and other captives for rebels imprisoned in colombia and the u . s ."
french foreign minister bernard kouchner said paris will not abandon efforts to free betancourt and that he planned to travel to the region soon .
former labor secretary robert reich warned americans wednesday not to be overly optimistic that the u . s . economy might rebound by the end of summer .
"reich , who served under the clinton administration in its first term , suggested there is a small chance the united states is heading toward a depression ."
"after disappearing for about minutes after a public torch lighting ceremony , the olympic flame emerged along a route different from the one that had been planned in san francisco ."
anti chinese protesters and beijing supporters had lined the streets along the planned route along the city s waterfront hours ahead of when the relay was to begin .
they took the olympic flame and the runners with their torches to various locations .
new york cnn harry potter is headed to the great white way .
"daniel radcliffe , the star of the harry potter movies , will make his broadway debut on september , playing the disturbed stable boy in a revival of peter shaffer s play , equus , it was announced tuesday ."
"radcliffe , , earned rave reviews for his performance in the london production of the tony award winning play ."
he also received loads of media attention for appearing naked onstage a departure from his wholesome image as the bespectacled boy wizard in the big screen adaptations of j . k . rowling s best selling fantasy novels .
thea sharrock directs .
"richard griffiths , who portrays harry s mean uncle vernon in the potter movies , reprises his london role as the psychiatrist who treats the stable boy , who has blinded six horses ."
"palestinian militants who infiltrated israel from gaza killed two israeli civilians and wounded several others wednesday , israeli police and ambulance services told cnn ."
"the attack at the nahal oz border crossing happened after an intense barrage of mortar fire that led israeli troops to believe that either a kidnapping attempt or an effort to infiltrate israel was under way , an israel defense forces officer who didn t want to be named said ."
"four militants were involved two were killed and two escaped back to gaza , the idf officer told cnn ."
"the militants did not enter israel through any of the tunnels at the border crossing , which is just outside gaza city , the officer said ."
"the crossing , which is the main transit route for delivering fuel supplies to gaza , normally is open from a . m . to p . m . , but has been closed until further notice , he added ."
this attack on the main energy supplier for the gaza strip demonstrates hamas total disregard for the well being of the civilian population
"in gaza , israeli government spokesman mark regev said ."
we hold them responsible and accountable .
a source in the popular resistance committees said the aim of the joint operation was to abduct an israeli soldier .
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown will skip the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics ."
"he became the second major world leader after german chancellor angela merkel to decide to stay away from the opening ceremonies , although brown s office insisted wednesday that he was not boycotting the olympics and would attend the closing ceremony ."
french president nicolas sarkozy said last month that he was debating not attending the opening ceremony .
"asked whether u . s . president george w . bush would go to the opening portion of the olympics , white house press secretary dana perino demurred , citing the fluid nature of a foreign trip ."
"it is extremely premature for me to say what the president s schedule is going to be in august , she said ."
hillary rodham clinton and others have urged bush to consider staying away from the opening ceremony as a way to underscore u . s . concerns about the recent unrest in tibet and questions about china s relationship with sudan .
"brown , too , has been under intense pressure from human rights campaigners to send a message to china ."
"but his decision not to attend the opening ceremony is not an act of protest , a spokeswoman for his office said , speaking anonymously in line with government policy ."
she said the decision was made weeks ago and was not a stand on principle .
there is absolutely no change in our position .
"the leader of britain s liberal democrat party , nick clegg , told british broadcasting corp . that brown seems to do the right thing late in the day when he is forced to do so because of public opinion ."
sen . hillary clinton on wednesday argued that she is the only presidential candidate capable of ending the war in iraq .
"one candidate will continue the war and keep the troops in iraq indefinitely . one candidate only says he will end the war , she said while campaigning in pennsylvania ."
"and one candidate is ready , willing and able to end the war and to rebuild our military while honoring our soldiers and our veterans ."
"the senator from new york tried to make her case that sens . barack obama , her democratic rival , and john mccain , the presumptive republican presidential nominee , can t be trusted to end the war ."
"her comments come one day after she told gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq , and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , that it would be irresponsible to continue american military involvement there ."
"before a backdrop reading solutions for a strong military , clinton accused mccain of wanting to keep troops in iraq for up to years , an allegation the republican s campaign has disputed ."
"in response , republican national committee spokesman alex conant accused clinton of not listening to petraeus and crocker ."
"sen . clinton s calls for retreat would leave iraq to the terrorists and lead the u . s . into a wider and more difficult war in the future . it s clear clinton is listening to her party s left wing base and not gen . petraeus and ambassador crocker , he said ."
"clinton s plan calls for withdrawing troops within days of her becoming president , in consult with military advisers ."
unlucky goalkeeper petr cech dealt chelsea s champions league plans a blow after suffering a facial injury that has delayed his comeback by two weeks .
but cech needed surgery on sunday after what chelsea called a training ground accident which left him with lacerations to his lip and chin .
"the surgery means carlo cudicini will continue in goal at least for the return clash against turkey s fenerbahce , with chelsea trailing after the first leg ."
a two week absence would also rule cech out of premier league meetings against wigan and everton .
washington cnn the international monetary fund s executive board has approved a broad financial overhaul plan that could lead to the eventual sale of a little over tons of its substantial gold supplies .
the sale cannot occur without congressional approval as well as legislative action in many of the other nations that are members of the washington based lending institution .
"imf managing director dominique strauss kahn welcomed the board s decision monday to propose a new framework for the fund , designed to close a projected million budget deficit over the next few years ."
"it is a landmark agreement that will put the institution on a solid financial footing and modernize the imf s structure and operations , he said in a statement ."
of million over the next three years that will include up to staff dismissals .
"we have made difficult but necessary choices to close the projected income shortfall and put the fund s finances on a sustainable basis , but in the end it will make the fund more focused , efficient and cost effective in serving our members , said strauss kahn , a former french finance minister ."
the imf said the board agreed to revamp the fund s income model from one that primarily relies on lending to one that generates money from various sources .
"in recent years , imf lending has dried up as many of those countries have built up reserves to prevent them from having to borrow again from the imf , which often puts severe restrictions and conditions on its loans ."
the declining interest payments led to the imf s budget gap .
actual sale of the gold cannot start immediately because the u . s . member on the imf board cannot vote for it until congress approves .
"congress has made approval conditional on a broad range of operational changes that strauss khan has pledged to carry out to preserve the relevancy of the year old organization , whose mission is to promote global financial stability ."
"under the plan , the imf would sell the tons , or nearly million ounces , of gold for about billion over several years ."
"the imf would keep . billion on its books , and the remaining . billion would go into an investment account ."
"the imf , which has sold gold before , said it would coordinate the sales with central banks in an effort to prevent market disruptions ."
"gold sales would be conducted in a transparent manner with strong safeguards to ensure that they do not add to official sales and avoid any risk of market disruption , the imf said in a statement ."
"the democratic presidential race is tightening in pennsylvania ahead of its april primary , according to a new cnn analysis of recent polls in the key campaign state ."
"in the latest cnn poll of polls conducted march through saturday , sen . hillary clinton holds a percentage point lead over sen . barack obama percent to percent"
that gap is percentage points narrower than a similar cnn poll of polls conducted march through wednesday .
"in that average , clinton led the senator from illinois percent to percent ."
"american research group april , muhlenberg college march april and quinnipiac march . this average does not have a sampling error ."
a decisive win in pennsylvania s april primary vote is seen as crucial for clinton as she seeks to finish the primary season with enough momentum to convince the party s undecided superdelegates to give her the nomination .
"but according to university of pennsylvania professor donald kettl , some of the air is starting to slip out of hillary clinton s tires . so what s behind the shift ?"
"obama has outspent hillary clinton three to one just on television advertising in pennsylvania . he spent more than million dollars trying to get his name out and his message out to hillary clinton s million dollars , said mark preston , a cnn political editor ."
"kettl said obama also seems to do better when voters get to see more of him , like during his recent six day bus tour throughout pennsylvania ."
"bowling in altoona , getting on buses and going around to different parts of the state including harrisburg . . . you have a feeling that the crescendo is starting to build , he said ."
"until now , clinton had maintained a consistent double digit lead in the state ."
she has the strong support of the state s popular gov . ed rendell and philadelphia mayor michael nutter .
clinton also has traditionally done well with working class voters a group with considerable influence in the upcoming primary .
"political observers point out that polls are not votes , and there s still a lot of time for anything to happen ."
"according to the latest cnn count , obama has , delegates , with , pledged delegates and superdelegates , according to the latest cnn count ."
"clinton has , delegates , with , pledged delegates and superdelegates ."
"a total of , delegates is needed to win the democratic nomination . it s unlikely either candidate will win the necessary delegates before the national convention in august ."
"baikonur , kazakhstan cnn a russian capsule carrying two cosmonauts and korea s first astronaut blasted off from the baikonur cosmodrome tuesday , en route to the international space station ."
"the soyuz tma craft lifted off on time , roaring into the evening skies over kazakhtsan s barren steppes before turning down range ."
"south korean bioengineer yi so yeon , , and cosmonauts oleg kononenko and sergei volkov will spend two days in the cramped capsule before docking at the orbiting station ."
live footage broadcast from inside the capsule showed yi smiling and waving and giving the thumbs up sign .
"everything is in order , volkov said ."
"ahead of the launch , yi told cheering russian and korean well wishers , including her family , that she felt great as she was escorted to the launch facility ."
yi s father and younger brother also saw her off .
"alexander volkov , sergei s father , said earlier that he had mixed feelings as he said farewell to his son ."
"it s hard for me because i know what is ahead for them and i know how hard it is , he said ."
yi has expressed hope that her historic journey will encourage the reunification of the divided korean peninsula .
the south korean government has a million . million deal with russia to co sponsor the flight in exchange for yi s trip .
"she was among , applicants for the job in a nationwide competition , and plans to conduct scientific experiments during her nine days on the space station ."
but ko was replaced by yi in march after russian officials accused him of the unauthorized removal of technical manuals from the star city cosmonaut training center near moscow .
the u . s . space agency nasa said yi was also the youngest female astronaut .
about journalists from the korean sbs network are in baikonur to cover the flight .
"in the south korean capital , seoul , thousands were gathered in front of city hall to watch a live telecast of the launch ."
president lee myung bak told a cabinet meeting that he hoped the event would boost interest in space business and research .
"today is a very meaningful day in sending korea s first citizen into space , he said ."
"sri lanka s air force intensified bombing raids on rebel positions monday after a suicide attack killed a cabinet minister and others , military officials said ."
"fighter jets and helicopter gunships attacked rebel tamil tiger positions in northern sri lanka , according to military claims that could not independently verified ."
"the raids came a day after a suicide bomber exploded at the start of a marathon race outside the capital city colombo , killing jeyaraj fernandopulle , who was minister of highways and chief government whip in parliament ."
"fernandopulle was waving the starting flag for the race which was part of the hindu new year celebration in weliveriya town , police said ."
"his body was brought to parliament to lie in state , and a funeral is scheduled for thursday ."
"the bombing killed others and wounded , including who police said were in critical condition ."
it was the latest attack since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
"nearly people have been killed in a wave of attacks on buses , train stations and other public places since the start of the year ."
"madrid , spain cnn mad cow disease has killed two people since december in the castilla leon region north of madrid , a regional health authority spokeswoman told cnn monday ."
"the first death occurred december and the next was february , in hospitals at undisclosed locations in the sprawling castilla leon region , which encompasses numerous provinces north of madrid , said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be identified ."
"regional health officials reported the findings to spain s national network that monitors mad cow disease and to a european monitoring network based in edinburgh , scotland , she said ."
spain s ministry of health did not immediately confirm the deaths .
"but the carlos iii health institute , which is part of the national monitoring network , on its web site confirmed the deaths ."
"frankfurt an der oder , germany cnn a german woman convicted of killing eight of her babies must serve the maximum years in prison , a court ruled monday ."
"sabine hilschenz , , was convicted in of killing eight of her newborn babies and burying them in flower pots and a fish tank in the garden of her parents home near the german polish border ."
the eight children were born between and .
"hilschenz also was suspected in the death of a ninth child in , but the statute of limitations did not allow for that case to be tried ."
"after her original conviction on manslaughter charges in a state court in frankfurt an der oder , on the polish border , she was given the maximum year prison sentence ."
"but the federal court of justice ruled last year that the lower court had not sufficiently considered the possibility of diminished capacity in making its recommendation , and sent the case back for reconsideration ."
"in its ruling monday , the court in frankfurt an der oder said it found no grounds for the claim of diminished responsibility ."
hilschenz declined to testify at her original trial said at
a hearing this year that she had a serious problem with alcohol in the years when the children were born and could not remember how they died .
her defense attorney had asked for a revised sentence of less than years in prison .
"international olympic committee head jacques rogge has said he is very concerned about unrest in tibet , but downplayed talk of a boycott of the beijing games ."
"i m very concerned with the international situation and what s happening in tibet , rogge said on monday in beijing ."
"the torch relay has been targeted . the international olympic committee has expressed its serious concern and calls for a rapid peaceful resolution in tibet , rogge said in a brief speech at the meetings opening ceremony ."
china is facing rising criticism ahead of the august olympics on issues from its crackdown on anti government protests among tibetans to its close relations with sudan .
demonstrators challenging china s policies in those areas tried to grab the olympic torch and snuff out the flame as it passed through london on sunday .
"rogge s comments were his strongest yet on the growing political storm surrounding the games , underscoring rising"
concern over the potential that such protests would tarnish the olympic movement .
"rogge acknowledged that some politicians have played with the idea of boycotts , but added as i speak today , however , there is no momentum for a generalized boycott ."
"we need the unity of the olympic movement to help us overcome the difficulties . our major responsibility is for offering good games to the athletes who deserve them , rogge said ."
"the athletes deserve and the world expects it , and the unity of the olympic movement will deliver it ."
"rogge was in the chinese capital to meet with officials from national olympic committees and members of the ioc , in the last major consultations ahead of the august games ."
"any politician who is pushing for a boycott is committing a serious error , mario vazquez rana , the president the association of national olympic committees , said on saturday ."
"for me a total boycott , a partial boycott , is totally out of the question ."
osage county . bob dylan won a special music citation .
"the citation for the year old dylan noted his profound impact on popular music and american culture , marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power ."
"junot diaz , a year old native of the dominican republican who moved to new jersey as a boy , won the fiction prize for the brief wondrous life of oscar wao ."
daniel walker howe won for history for what hath god wrought
"the transformation of america , ."
"howe , a professor emeritus at oxford and ucla , was a finalist for the national book critics circle award for what hath god wrought , which examines america from the battle of new orleans to the end of the war with mexico ."
john matteson won for biography for eden s outcasts
the story of louisa may alcott and her father .
matteson teaches english at john jay college of criminal justice .
saul friedlander won the general nonfiction award for the years of extermination
"nazi germany and the jews , ."
two prizes were awarded for poetry
robert hass for time and materials and philip schultz for failure .
"hass , , is a former u . s . poet laureate who grew up in san francisco and still lives in the bay area ."
schultz is founder of the writer s studio in new york and former director of new york university s graduate creative writing program .
"david lang won the music award for the little match girl passion , which premiered oct . at carnegie hall in new york ."
"cnn breweries and beer lovers around the country are celebrating the th anniversary of the return of beer on april , , as the prohibition era was drawing to a close ."
"it wasn t quite the end of prohibition , and it wasn t quite beer , but after thirsty years , it was close enough ."
"what became available that day was only . percent alcohol by weight compared with up to percent in full strength beer , but still , it was a step up from the virtually alcohol free near beer that had been sold since . it s a big deal ."
"the whole industry of beer has gotten together to say this date is definitely historic , said julia herz , spokeswoman for the brewers association , which represents smaller craft brewers ."
"in st . louis , missouri , megabrewer anheuser busch is throwing a big bash , complete with historical exhibits and an appearance by the company s famous clydesdale horses ."
"remnants of prohibition survive today in the form of state owned liquor stores and local laws that , for example , prevent sales of alcohol on sundays or in grocery stores ."
"some counties remain entirely dry , banning alcohol sales altogether , and . beer is still sold in six states colorado , kansas , minnesota , missouri , oklahoma and utah , according to modern brewery age magazine ."
and there are those who think a beer related anniversary is nothing to celebrate .
"it is the product of choice for underage drinking , said michael scippa , advocacy director for the marin institute , an alcohol industry watchdog group ."
"we re not neo prohibitionists or teetotalers , he said . we re not trying to tell adults what to do ."
he said his group just wants the industry to operate more responsibly .
yahoo continued to reject microsoft s . billion unsolicited bid for the company monday .
"the internet company is not opposed to some sort of financial deal , but the current offer is too low , chairman roy bostock and chief executive jerry yang said in a letter responding to microsoft chief steve ballmer ."
"microsoft msft , fortune sent a letter to yahoo yhoo , fortune on saturday , threatening to offer the deal directly to stockholders if the company s board did not respond by april ."
"bostock and yang pointed to yahoo s three year financial plan , its new amp advertising management platform and the fact that the company recently reaffirmed its first quarter and year end outlook as reasons they believe the microsoft bid was low ."
"ballmer s letter acknowledged yahoo s search for third party bids from other companies such as google goog , fortune , news corp . nws , fortune and time warner twx , fortune , but questioned why the company refused to negotiate with microsoft ."
"the company said it was open to a transaction from any potential buyer , including microsoft , but that it would reject anything below what it considers full value ."
"sydney , australia cnn a teenage boy was killed in a shark attack tuesday morning off australia s eastern coast , health officials said ."
"we had multiple paramedics en route to the scene as well as the rescue helicopter , but tragically the young boy has died at the scene , new south wales ambulance spokeswoman penelope little told sky news television ."
scientists say there are an average of shark attacks a year in australian waters one of the highest rates in the world but on average just over one per year are fatal .
"three protesters scaled the golden gate bridge monday and unfurled a free tibet banner , a likely precursor to large protests when the olympic torch arrives wednesday in san francisco , california ."
"the banner read , one world ."
one dream .
free tibet .
"those who climbed cables from which the bridge is suspended are members of students for a free tibet , said group spokesman tenzin dasang ."
the three were arrested along with four others at the site .
"all seven were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance , said california highway patrol officer mary ziegenbein . the climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing ."
the incident forced the closure of one northbound lane of the bridge .
"the climbers who were on the bridge for about three hours came down voluntarily about p . m . p . m . et after workers with the golden gate bridge district began cutting down their banner , ziegenbein said ."
dasang said he has heard of many people planning to protest in san francisco against china s human rights record .
"but it will be large , said dasang , , during a phone interview in which he said he was near the bridge . i heard from tibetans that now live all over the u . s . and even abroad who are coming here ."
"the olympic flame is on a day journey that will take it through cities on five continents and then throughout china , culminating at the olympics opening ceremony in beijing august ."
"the san francisco protest comes the same day as a demonstration in paris , france , disrupted the torch relay many times ."
"tokyo , japan cnn at first glance , the man and woman at the nightclub look like any other couple on a date ."
it s business .
"the woman , a successful executive , has joined a growing number of professional women in japan in forking out from , to , a night for male companionship ."
the women pay for a man to lavish them with undivided attention .
now a new breed of entertainer has cropped up think of them as male geishas .
"i give women things that men normally don t do , like complimenting their appearance , says one host , year old yunosuke , who only goes by his single host name . i make women happy ."
and they make him happy
"they like to wear nice things , so i try to look prettier for them all the time ."
"what drives the business boom is an increase in the earning power of japanese women , according to air group , a company that owns a chain of host clubs ."
"japanese women are now working hard and making more money , says yuko takeyama , a woman in her early s who manages air group . the see this as a way to de stress ."
"women love being treated well without the pressures that come with dating , she says ."
yunosuke s customer from the nightclub agrees .
it s the same as spending money on a trip or buying something .
cnn the best leaders let go of the fantasy and become fully present and responsive to the complexities of each new situation .
"they re the ones the few , the proud , the downright worshipped who earn their followers respect ."
"to become one of them , you need to turn bad boss behaviors on their head to find your way toward good boss techniques ."
bad boss self concept
"as a leader , i ll be a higher up ."
good boss self concept
"as a leader , i ll have to go lower down ."
"the bad boss tales i ve heard include many stories of managers demanding the undoable , responding to objections by simply reiterating that it had to be done ."
this creates nothing but hostility .
bad boss target setting
"now that i m the boss , i give orders to others ."
good boss target setting
"now that i m the boss , i bring order to what others do ."
"many people thrill to giving orders or critiques but have unclear , uninformed or ambivalent ideas about what they re actually trying to accomplish ."
leading well means forming a crystal clear image of what must happen and communicating that precisely .
"after giving an assignment , ask that person to describe the task in their own words ."
bad boss position on feedback
now everyone must tell me when i m right .
good boss position on feedback
now everyone must tell me when i m wrong .
when a problem arises
clearly tell your subordinate what you really think .
. describe the facts that led you to this opinion .
. ask to be disconfirmed
"in other words , honestly request that people tell you where you re wrong ."
bad boss protection strategy
"as a boss , i ll be protected from taking blame ."
good boss protection strategy
"as a boss , i ll protect others by taking blame ."
the successful bosses i interviewed emphasized that a good leader helps her followers feel safe from the dangers that come from both inside and outside the organization .
"an incompetent supervisor , on the other hand , feels that the best way to secure her position is to appear faultless , and works mightily to make clear who fouled up or even to lay blame on a scapegoat ."
bad boss problem solving
being the boss means i can avoid problems .
good boss problem solving
being the boss means i must seek out problems .
you can tell if you re making mistakes as a leader because things go wrong not just one catastrophic computer snafu but repeated errors .
bad bosses turn away from these realities .
they don t discuss problems
they just hunker down and hope the issue will go away .
"it won t . untreated , a minor concern becomes a major issue becomes a catastrophe ."
"this is the core of good leadership , whether you re managing a corporation , your immediate family , or just your own life ."
sen . john mccain said sunday he hasn t seen signals secretary of state condoleezza rice is interested in running as vice president .
his comments follow a report that rice is angling for the no . spot on the republican presidential ticket .
"i missed those signals , mccain told reporters on his campaign plane . i think she s a great american ."
"i think there s very little that i can say that isn t anything but the utmost praise for a great american citizen , who served as a role model to so many millions of people in this country and around the world ."
state department spokesman sean mccormack also denied monday rice was interested in the job .
she plans on going back west of the mississippi to stanford when she s completed her work as secretary of state .
"the comments come after dan senor , a leading republican strategist , suggested on abc sunday that rice is mounting a behind the scenes campaign to be mccain s running mate ."
"condi rice has been actively , actually in recent weeks , campaigning for this , senor , a former bush administration official said ."
"seven election officials in zimbabwe have been arrested , accused of undercounting votes for president robert mugabe , state run television reported monday ."
"results of the march presidential election have not been announced , but the state run newspaper has indicated that neither mugabe nor challenger morgan tsvangirai received enough votes to avoid a run off ."
zimbabwe s high court is considering a petition to force the country s electoral commission to release the results .
"the remaining portion of the olympic torch relay was canceled monday amid massive protests against china s human rights record , according to french police ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraq s top shiite religious leaders have told anti american cleric muqtada al sadr not to disband his mehdi army , an al sadr spokesman said monday amid fresh fighting in the militia s baghdad strongholds ."
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki demanded sunday that the cleric disband his militia , which waged two uprisings against u . s . troops in , or see his supporters barred from public office ."
but al sadr spokesman salah al obeidi said al sadr has consulted with iraq s shiite clerical leadership and they refused that .
"al sadr s followers have accused the government , which is dominated by al sadr s leading rivals , of trying to cripple their movement before provincial elections in october ."
the sadrists hold about seats in iraq s member parliament and were part of al maliki s ruling coalition until august .
the cleric withdrew his support over al maliki s refusal to demand a timetable for the withdrawal of u . s . troops .
fighting in baghdad continued through the weekend after al maliki issued his call for the mehdi army to disband .
"u . s . aircraft struck targets in two shiite districts of baghdad on monday , with iraqi officials reporting at least dead ."
"and three u . s . soldiers were killed in action monday , bringing the number of u . s . combat deaths to nine in the past two days and , since the war began ."
"in addition , nine iraqis were killed and were wounded in clashes that lasted into monday morning in sadr city , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
al sadr has called for a mass demonstration in baghdad on wednesday against the u . s . presence in iraq .
"sen . hillary clinton called on president bush monday to boycott the opening of this summer s olympic games in beijing , china ."
"these events underscore why i believe the bush administration has been wrong to downplay human rights in its policy towards china , said clinton ."
"at this time , and in light of recent events , i believe president bush should not plan on attending the opening ceremonies in beijing , absent major changes by the chinese government ."
"americans will stand strong in support of freedom of religious and political expression and human rights , clinton said . americans will also stand strong and root for the success of american athletes who have worked hard and earned the right to compete in the olympic games of ."
"last month , clinton who has long advocated a tougher approach toward the chinese government declined to call for a u . s . boycott of the olympic games , but called for greater pressure leading up to the summer event in beijing ."
sen . barack obama has said he is torn in his views on the issue .
"i m of two minds about this , said the illinois senator in a cbs interview last week . on the one hand , i think that what s happened in tibet , and china s support of the sudanese government in darfur , is a real problem ."
"but , he added , i m hesitant to make the olympics a site of political protest because i think it s partly about bringing the world together ."
"last summer , new mexico gov . bill richardson then a democratic presidential candidate said the united states should boycott the olympics entirely if china did not take a more active role in ending the conflict in darfur ."
fourth seed nikolay davydenko won the sony ericsson title in miami on sunday with a surprise victory over spanish second seed rafael nadal .
"davydenko , the first russian to win the title in its year history , dominated the one hour , minute contest and never allowed nadal to find his rhythm ."
"i had never played very well here in miami , said davydenko ."
now i have won my second masters series title and it s crazy for me .
"davydenko picked up his first title of the year , and th of his career , after beating crowd favorite and sixth seed andy roddick in the semifinals before overcoming world number two nadal ."
"he was playing unbelievable tennis and there was nothing i could do , said nadal , who is still without a title this year ."
davydenko broke nadal early but the spaniard broke back at love when the russian netted a forehand to level the first set at .
nadal held but davydenko won six of the next seven games to seize command of the match .
"davydenko , who was down a match point earlier in the tournament , stunned even himself by using the same racquet throughout the week ."
"i want to keep forever this racquet , he said ."
cnn thousands of police are expected to protect the olympic torch as it makes its run through paris in a few hours .
"extremely tight security , however , could not stop determined human rights activists in london on sunday ."
the torch relay was disrupted several times and police made more than two dozen arrests .
"thousands of french police were expected to protect the olympic torch relay monday as it departs from the eiffel tower and crisscrosses paris amid threat of protests , news services reported ."
"paris police had conceived a security plan to keep the torch in a safe bubble , the associated press reported ."
"french torchbearers will be encircled by several hundred officers , some in riot police vehicles and on motorcycles , others on skates and on foot ."
"on monday , french foreign minister bernard kouchner said all options remained open for paris concerning a possible boycott of the opening of the beijing olympics , the ap reported ."
"in london on sunday , the olympic torch was met with widespread protests and scuffles between demonstrators and police as thousands turned out to protest olympic host china s human rights record and its recent clampdown on tibet ."
"some demonstrators threw themselves at the torch , and at least one tried to snatch it away ."
another tried to put out the flame with a fire extinguisher .
"they were quickly pushed back and cuffed by metropolitan police , which said its officers made arrests on a variety of charges ."
"hong kong , china cnn few issues in the environmental movement get people as riled as plastic ."
yet despite what appears to be widespread public outrage at the harmful environmental impacts of plastic bottles and bags in particular perhaps the most ubiquitous items in modern day life recycling rates have remained fairly stale overall while production levels have in many cases gone up .
"take plastic bags , which , depending on whom you ask , have now reached production levels of anywhere from billion to trillion units a year ."
only percent is recycled globally each year .
"plastic bottles meanwhile are among the most readily recycled plastic products of all , yet in some countries , as much as percent of water bottles end up in landfills ."
"in , billion gallons hit worldwide stores"
in it had risen to billion gallons .
sales of bottled water in the u . s . have now overtaken sales of milk and are close to outselling beer .
"historically , such increases in sales have run parallel to drops in recycling rates , unfortunately ."
"in , when there was just . billion pounds of polyethylene terephthalate pet bottles in circulation in the u . s . , the country boasted recycling rates of nearly percent ."
"by , when retailers were stocking up to billion pounds of pet bottles , recycling rates had dropped to percent ."
some blame an immature recycling market in the u . s . for not being able to handle higher volumes of plastic
a lack of infrastructure has effectively held the market s development back .
others say increasing production levels are overwhelming consumers . it s certainly possible
americans threw away six times as many water bottles in as they did in when there were far fewer in circulation .
"today , despite the fact that percent of american households have access to plastic recycling programs , only around one in four of them take their plastic bottles to the recycling bins ."
"more than women and children have been removed from a texas ranch that s home to members of a polygamist sect , but authorities have not identified the girl who called them with allegations of abuse ."
"the year old girl , who called authorities last week with allegations of physical and sexual abuse at the compound , may be in the group and using a different name , marleigh meisner , a spokeswoman for texas child protective services , said at a news conference sunday ."
"i am confident that this girl does indeed exist , meisner said . i am confident that the allegations that she brought forth are accurate ."
"since thursday , authorities have removed children and adults from the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints flds compound in eldorado , texas ."
eighteen of the girls have been taken into state custody .
"authorities believe all had been abused or were at immediate risk of future abuse , a state spokesman said ."
"the others are now housed at a shelter in san angelo about miles north of eldorado where they are being questioned about abuse , meisner said ."
"many of the adults at the shelter are parents or relatives of the children , she said ."
"warren jeffs , the year old leader and prophet of the , member flds , was convicted in utah last year on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in ."
"he still faces trial in arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy ."
critics of the sect say it forces girls as young as into arranged marriages . meisner said the adults cooperated with child protection officials as authorities continued their search for more children .
"the rogue church bought , acres near eldorado four years ago and built what it calls the yfz ranch ."
washington cnn a new brain scan study may help explain what s going on in the minds of financial titans when they take risky monetary gambles sex .
"when young men were shown erotic pictures , they were more likely to make a larger financial gamble than if they were shown a picture of something scary , such as a snake , or something neutral , such as a stapler , university researchers reported ."
the arousing pictures lit up the same part of the brain that lights up when financial risks are taken .
"you have a need in an evolutionary sense for both money and women . they trigger the same brain area , said camelia kuhnen , a northwestern university finance professor who conducted the study with a stanford university psychologist ."
the study involved heterosexual young men at stanford university .
each man made more than gambles under brain scans .
"stanford psychologist brian knutson , a lead author of the study , says it s all about the power of emotion and arousal and our financial decisions ."
the trigger doesn t have to be sex it could be chocolate or a winning lottery ticket .
"kuhnen said the same link could hold true for women , but they didn t test it because it is more difficult to find an erotic image that would appeal to many different heterosexual women compared to heterosexual men ."
"this all makes sense to harvard economist terry burnham , author of the book mean genes ."
burnham said it could be all summed up in a famous line from the movie scarface .
"then when you get the power , then you get the women ."
"actor charlton heston died at his beverly hills home at the age of saturday , his family said ."
"heston , known for portrayals of larger than life figure including moses and ben hur , was suffering the late stages of alzheimer s disease ."
"heston s wife of years , lydia , was at his side at the time of his death , according to the family statement ."
"heston is survived by a son , a daughter and three grandchildren ."
"while no funeral plans have been announced , the family said it would hold a private memorial service ."
"the internet movie database listed movies and television production credits for heston , starting in ."
"he rose to fame in the s with starring movie roles including ben hur , for which he won an oscar ."
he played moses in the ten commandments .
heston was also known for his political activism .
he was a high profile supporter of dr . martin luther king jr . and his civil rights movement .
he attended king s march on washington and stood near the podium as king delivered his i have a dream speech .
"he was president of the national rifle association from to , a role that cast him as a conservative ."
"heston was born john charles carter in evanston , illinois , on october . , ."
he took the surname heston after his mother divorced and remarried when he was .
cnn . clean up your act
get rid of all the junk that accumulates in your bedroom .
"don t use it as a dumping ground for kids art projects , laundry , newspapers and magazines ."
no one feels sexy going to bed in a warehouse .
"first get everything up off the floor , store the things that warrant it and trash the things that don t ."
"clear of the surfaces of chests and tables , and only replace what is meaningful or pretty ."
you don t want to see anything that reminds you of chores or obligations .
can the can lights
there s nothing sexy about a well lit room .
"place a pair of lamps with ivory shades on each side of your bed , and make sure the bulbs are no more than watts ."
"for even more impact , replace the white bulbs with pink tinted bulbs ."
. scents and sensibility
get rid of anything that doesn t smell great .
remove the laundry hamper to a bathroom or closet .
"evict the dog , just for one night ."
"wash everything , down to the mattress pad in good detergent ."
"and make up your bed with the sheets folded back the sheets invitingly , the way they do in fine hotels ."
choose a scented candle with care .
one that s too floral will be off putting to a man .
"a better bet is one that smells fresh and clean , like jo malone s grapefruit candle ."
the flicker of candlelight will enhance your sexy lighting scheme .
. soundtrack
turn off the television !
"better yet , banish it from the bedroom ."
the bedroom should be for two things only sleep and sex .
install a small stereo in your bedroom and play your favorite music it s a great mood enhancer .
hang curtains and a thick rug fabric absorbs sound .
. ban the beanie babies
"the bedroom is your own private sanctuary , but beware what message you re sending by using it as a display case for your hobbies ."
"stuffed animals are a no no , as are too many tiny pillows ."
. take a look
add a mirror somewhere .
"it doesn t have to be attached to the ceiling , but a cleverly positioned mirror , or even a mirrored piece of furniture , can really spice things up ."
"plus , you might discreetly catch of a glimpse of the proceedings ."
"microsoft set the clock ticking for yahoo to accept its billion buyout offer in a letter to the internet pioneer s board saturday , warning that if a deal wasn t reached by april the software maker would launch a hostile takeover at a less attractive price ."
"if we have not concluded an agreement within the next three weeks , we will be compelled to take our case directly to your shareholders , including the initiation of a proxy contest to elect an alternative slate of directors for the yahoo board , wrote microsoft chief executive steve ballmer ."
"if we are forced to take an offer directly to your shareholders , that action will have an"
"undesirable impact on the value of your company from our perspective which will be reflected in the terms of our proposal , he wrote ."
"in the letter , ballmer said yahoo s search share and page views , two measures of the strength of the web portal company s business , appear to have fallen since the offer was made at the end of january ."
"at the time , microsoft s cash and stock offer was valued at . billion , or percent above yahoo s market value . judging by friday s closing share prices , the deal is now worth just under billion ."
"yahoo s board formally rejected microsoft corp . s bid in february , saying it undervalues the company ."
"since then , the silicon valley company has explored alliances with google inc . , news corp . s myspace . com and time warner inc . s aol , but no alternative to microsoft s offer has surfaced ."
"sanaa , yemen cnn a housing complex used by foreigners in yemen s capital came under attack late sunday , with explosives shattering windows but causing no injuries , u . s . and yemeni officials said ."
"the u . s . embassy in yemen said three explosive rounds hit the compound in the upscale haddah neighborhood . two rounds exploded inside the compound and another blew up outside the building , it said in a statement ."
"the embassy advises all u . s . citizens to exercise caution in this area of the city , the statement said ."
"some rolled suitcases and carried boxes to vehicles with diplomatic plates . women huddled in idling cars , while children lugged backpacks ."
"one of the yemeni security officials , describing himself as the head of security in the area , said the blast was caused by multiple projectiles ."
"broken windows . . . were all that resulted from the projectiles attack , the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to speak to the media . no one was injured , he added ."
"the two other security officials , who also spoke on condition of anonymity for the same reason , corroborated his account ."
a witness said a blast shook the neighborhood .
"i heard a big blast that shook the southern suburb , but there was no fire or smoke coming out of the area , said mohammed omar , , who lives in the same area ."
"yemen , the poorest country in the arab world , is osama bin laden s ancestral homeland and has a persistent al qaeda movement that has attacked and killed foreigners on several occasions ."
two people were killed and eight others were wounded sunday in continued clashes there .
russian president vladimir putin and u . s . president george w . bush failed to resolve their differences over u . s . plans for a missile defense system based in eastern europe but said they had agreed a strategic framework to guide future u . s . russian relations after bilateral talks sunday .
"speaking at a joint press conference after their meeting in the russian black sea resort of sochi , putin told journalists he had voiced russian concerns about u . s . plans to establish missile defense sites in poland and the czech republic ."
"but putin expressed cautious optimism that the two sides could find a way to cooperate over missile defense and described his eight year relationship as russian president with bush as mostly positive , the associated press reported ."
"i will not conceal that one of the most difficult issues was and remains missile defense in europe , said putin , who will be replaced by russia s president elect dmitry medvedev next month . our fundamental attitude toward the american plan has not changed ."
"bush said the u . s . still had work to do to convince moscow that the missile defence system was not intended as a threat to russia , saying the system was defensive , not offensive and that people should accept that the cold war is over , ap said ."
"we ve got a lot of way to go , bush admitted ."
"the u . s . president also met medvedev , putin s successor , describing his as a straightforward fellow . you can write down , i was impressed and look forward to working with him , he told reporters ."
bush said he expected his first peer to peer meeting with medvedev to come at july s g leaders summit in japan .
this weekend s summit is the final meeting between bush and putin as presidents and follows both leaders attendance at last week s nato summit in romania .
that summit also highlighted differences between washington and moscow over u . s . backed proposals to extend the military alliance to include the former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia .
"russia opposes the proposed expansion , fearing it will reduce its own influence over its neighbors ."
nato leaders also approved membership plans for croatia and albania .
"london , england cnn passengers faced more travel misery at heathrow s new terminal sunday after heavy snow and continued baggage handling problems led to further cancellations and delays ."
"british airways , the sole occupiers of the terminal , said flights have been canceled sunday ."
the snow is the latest blow to the airline s hopes of finally running a full schedule from the terminal it opened with great fanfare last week .
"since operations began at the terminal , hundreds of flights have been canceled , a backlog of thousands of bags remains and passengers have been forced to spend the night in the gleaming new building ."
ba said air traffic control had reduced the number of aircraft that could take off and land per hour on sunday
"earlier , both the airports runways were temporarily shut down briefly as workers removed ice from the tarmac ."
"meanwhile , airport operator baa plc , said it had fixed a computer problem with the terminal s state of the art baggage handling system that began on saturday ."
"on saturday , the airline said short haul flights had been canceled , and departure boards at the airport showed delays of up to three hours ."
"the airport operator , baa , said its staff had identified the problem and were considering how to solve it without creating further disruptions ."
we apologize to british airways and all passengers who have been affected and can assure them that our specialist staff are working hard to resolve the problem and keep disruption to ba s operation to a minimum .
"the computer problems have meant airline staff have had to deal with bags manually , taking more time than would normally be needed , a british airways spokeswoman said on condition of anonymity in line with company policy ."
"we are urging baa to resolve these issues as soon as possible , she said ."
passengers flying with british airways have been advised to check flight information regularly before traveling to the airport .
"prince philip , the husband of britain s queen elizabeth , was released from the hospital on sunday where he was admitted last week with a chest infection , buckingham palace said ."
"philip , who also has the title of duke of edinburgh , will return to windsor castle to continue his recuperation , the palace said . his engagements for monday have been canceled ."
"a planned mile relay of the olympic torch sunday in london quickly turned into a dramatic scene of widespread protests , as thousands took to the streets to demonstrate against china s actions in tibet ."
london metropolitan police said there were approximately arrests for a range of public order offences .
"some protesters threw themselves at the torch , and at least one tried to snatch it away ."
"zimbabwe s high court is expected to announce monday whether it can order the country s electoral commission to release the results of last weekend s presidential election , a lawyer for the commission said ."
"zimbabwe s main opposition party , the movement for democratic change , submitted a petition to the high court on friday to order the zimbabwe electoral commission to release the figures from the march election ."
the hearing began on sunday .
"also during the weekend , dozens of veterans loyal to longtime president robert mugabe invaded white owned farms in two provinces and tried to force the white farmers out ."
"daniel calingaert , a zimbabwe analyst for u . s . based freedom house , said mugabe s ruling zanu pf party wields quite a bit of influence over the high court ."
"zimbabwe s state newspaper , the sunday mail , reported that the ruling party has asked the electoral commission to recount the presidential ballots because of an overarching and unpleasant case of misposting of votes ."
"the newspaper also quoted a zanu pf official as saying that the party has rejected an offer from the opposition mdc to form a national unity government , saying such a coalition would be like mixing water with fire ."
last weekend s election presents the most formidable challenge to robert mugabe s years of rule in zimbabwe .
his party has said he is willing to enter into a runoff with mdc leader and presidential candidate morgan tsvangirai if the electoral commission calls for one .
"under zimbabwean law , a runoff must be held within days after the commission announces results ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn three u . s . soldiers were killed and others wounded in two rocket attacks sunday afternoon in baghdad , the u . s . military said ."
"on the international zone , also known as the green zone , killed two soldiers and wounded others about p . m . , a military official said ."
"a separate attack about minutes earlier killed one soldier and wounded at a u . s . military outpost in rustamiya in southeastern baghdad , the military said ."
"sunday s fatalities bring the death toll of u . s . troops in the iraq war to , ."
"nearly , others have been wounded in action ."
"earlier sunday , fighting between u . s . troops and the mehdi army militia loyal to shiite cleric muqtada al sadr left at least dead and wounded in baghdad s sadr city , according to an iraqi interior ministry official ."
sunday s fighting came as iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki demanded al sadr disband his mehdi army and threatened to bar al sadr s followers from the political process if the cleric refused .
"a decision was taken yesterday that they no longer have a right to participate in the political process or take part in the upcoming elections unless they end the mehdi army , al maliki said ."
"a spokesman for al sadr , sheikh salah al obeidi , said that any effort to bar sadrists from participation in politics would be unconstitutional and that any decision to disband the mehdi army is not the government s to make ."
"sen . hillary clinton will stop telling an emotional story about a uninsured pregnant woman who died after being denied medical care , clinton s campaign said ."
"a hospital has raised questions over the accuracy of the story , and clinton s campaign has said although they had no reason to doubt the story , they were unable to confirm the details ."
"in the story , clinton describes a woman from rural ohio who was making minimum wage at a local pizza shop ."
"the woman , who was uninsured , became pregnant ."
clinton said the woman ran into trouble and went to a hospital in a nearby county but was denied treatment because she couldn t afford a payment .
"in her speeches , clinton said the woman later was taken to the hospital by ambulance and lost the baby ."
the young woman was then taken by helicopter to a columbus hospital where she died of complications .
"the new york senator heard the story during a campaign visit to a family s living room in pomeroy , ohio , in late february ."
bryan holman was hosting the candidate and told clinton the story .
she has repeated it frequently since then .
"while clinton never named the hospital in her speech , the woman she was referring to was treated at o bleness memorial hospital in athens , ohio ."
"the hospital said the woman did indeed have insurance , and , at least at their hospital , she was never turned away ."
"hospital chief executive officer rick castrop in a statement said , we reviewed the medical and patient accounts of the patient after she was named in a newspaper story about clinton s stump speech ."
"there is no indication that she was ever denied medical care at any time , for any reason . we clearly reject any perception that we ever denied any care to this woman ."
"cnn researchers have discovered the oldest piece of gold jewelry ever found in the americas , an academic journal reported tuesday ."
"a team found the gold necklace near lake titicaca in peru , according to the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences ."
"it s , years old years older than any other gold jewelry discovered in the western hemisphere ."
"the anthropologist who discovered the gold , mark aldenderfer , told cnn on tuesday night that he sensed the importance of his find after noticing a glint while excavating a site with human remains ."
"that s when i knew we had something special , he said . this was a complete shock ."
"he found the necklace about seven years ago , he said , but researchers kept quiet for fear that looters would raid the site . they also wanted to allow time for chemical analysis before announcing their discovery on tuesday ."
video footage from peru shows a necklace of nine gold tubes separated by stones .
"the find is important , aldenderfer said , because it signals the early emergence of a desire for status among people who lived as relative equals without a formal leadership system ."
"the andean people of that time , aldenderfer said , had recently settled down after many generations as hunter gatherers . formal kings would not emerge for hundreds of years ."
"the person who wore the gold necklace may have sought to distinguish himself with a status symbol , aldenderfer said ."
"the artifact is in the custody of the national institute of peru and may be displayed in a museum , he said ."
"los angeles , california cnn with her th chart topper touch my body , mariah carey has passed elvis presley for the most no . singles on the billboard hot , and is now second only to the beatles ."
that s a completely different era and time . . . i m just feeling really happy and grateful .
"carey s single is the new no . single on billboard s hot singles chart the song also is no . on the trade magazine s digital download chart thanks to a precedent setting , downloads in its debut week ."
the beatles are the all time leaders with .
"carey , , said this is the most enjoyable point of her nearly two decade old career , and that s her priority these days , not trying to set sales records or even making pop history ."
"i ve gone through enough of my life worrying about that kind if thing , said carey ."
"moscow , russia cnn russia expects to sell at least three submarines to venezuela in a deal to be inked when president hugo chavez visits next month , russian news media reported friday ."
"the interfax news agency and the daily kommersant cited unnamed military industrial officials as saying that the subs would be diesel electric models , of the varshavyanka class ."
"the contract s signing will likely be timed with the visit of . . . chavez to moscow , which is expected in may , the official was quoted as saying by interfax ."
"meanwhile , the daily kommersant said venezuela was seeking four submarines in all at a cost of billion ."
the paper said the deal would be signed when chavez travels to moscow for the inauguration of incoming president dmitry medvedev .
"during a visit to russia last year , chavez said that his country needs submarines to protect itself against its enemies foremost among them the united states ."
"at that time , a top rosoboronexport official said discussions centered on as many as five so called project varshavyanka submarines ."
"the ships , known in nato terms as kilo class , are russia s most advanced non nuclear submarine ."
"china , india and iran , among others , have all purchased the subs in recent years ."
"caracas already has purchased some billion worth of arms from russia , including military helicopters , kalashnikov rifles and sukhoi fighter jets ."
kommersant said venezuela also was negotiating to buy il military transport aircraft .
"bucharest , romania cnn russian president vladimir putin struck a conciliatory note in talks with nato leaders friday , claiming that a new cold war was in nobody s interests despite terse disagreements over the future expansion of the alliance and u . s . moves to install missile defense bases in eastern europe ."
"speaking to reporters at nato s summit meeting in bucharest , putin warned that the proposed extension of nato membership to the former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia would be seen in moscow as a direct threat to russian security ."
"let s be friends , guys , and engage in an honest dialogue , putin said ."
"nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said the atmosphere of the talks , attended by nato s leaders , had been constructive and frank and open , ap reported ."
"on thursday , nato members decided not to allow georgia and ukraine to begin the process towards membership , recognizing strong objections from moscow ."
"but in a nod to u . s . president george w . bush , who had strongly made the case for the two countries to be fully admitted to the alliance , nato promised future membership to the pair at a later date . albania and croatia were also invited to join ."
"russia opposes nato membership for ukraine and georgia , concerned that the alliance s eastward march will erode its influence in those countries ."
"this agreement is an important step in our efforts to protect our nations and our nato allies from the growing threat posed by the proliferation of ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction , the u . s . state department said in a statement ."
gordon s late free throws seal bulls win over cavaliers
ben gordon s five late free throws rallied the chicago bulls to a win over the cleveland cavaliers in the nba on thursday .
chicago s larry hughes scored points in the second half against his former team as the bulls with nothing left to play for this season came from points down in the second half to snap a six game road losing streak .
cnn do you think you will be using a personal computer for the rest of your life ?
"but then once personal computing and online communications have been installed into your life , they re hard to uninstall ."
so let s refine the question
"will you own a personal computer for the rest of your life ? maybe it s too late to stop needing computers , but is it necessary to actually own one now that they re so ubiquitous ?"
the same question is being asked about automobiles .
car sharing programs like flexcar have spread rapidly in gridlocked cities from london and los angeles to tokyo .
many urbanites have happily ditched their own wheels in favor of such programs .
computer sharing is even easier .
"you simply use computers wherever you find them , either by keeping all your data online or on a usb flash drive that holds all your files , applications and settings ."
"both approaches are becoming increasingly viable , and combined they re even more effective . but why bother ?"
witness the slum residents in india who face toxic exposure while recycling computer parts .
recent gatherings like the greener gadgets conference in new york highlight the concerns .
"few consumers , though , are likely to sacrifice their gadgets just for the sake of being green ."
"they may be buying expensive solar panels and hybrid cars , but i don t see them giving up their laptops and imacs any time soon , says michael ann strahilevitz , a marketing professor at golden gate university in san francisco who studies consumer interest in green issues ."
there s a whole ecosystem now of portable applications and online forums catering to these folks .
and it s not just usb flash drives that can be used ipods and cheap portable hard drives work just as well as long as they can plug into a usb port .
"if you frequently have access to available computers , this approach can work and boost your green credentials ."
"london , england cnn supermodel naomi campbell has been arrested at heathrow airport s terminal for allegedly spitting at a police officer , sky news television reported thursday ."
"a london metropolitan police spokesman said a woman was arrested at the terminal for an assault on police , but refused to disclose her identity or give her age ."
"campbell , a british fashion model , has a history of getting physical with assistants and employees , and has attended an anger management program ."
"cnn ten people were killed thursday after fire swept through a house outside brockway , pennsylvania , authorities said ."
"the blaze started about a . m . , said pennsylvania state trooper mark schrecengost ."
the fire crews arrived within minutes and . . . the house was engulfed . schrecengost told the associated press .
"the people killed ranged in age from months to years old , authorities said at an afternoon news conference ."
"the delullo children were the son and daughter of one of the two survivors , year old elizabeth peterson ."
"witnesses said elizabeth peterson ran to a neighbor s house to get help , according to the ap ."
"her brother , james peterson , , also escaped the fire ."
"fire marshals were at the scene trying to determine the cause , but trooper bruce morris told the ap the fire did not appear to be suspicious ."
brockway is about miles northeast of pittsburgh .
"london , england cnn china s ambassador to london may pull out of the olympic torch relay planned for this weekend , officials at the chinese embassy said thursday ."
"ambassador fu ying had been due to be one of the people carrying the olympic flame across the british capital on sunday , and her participation had drawn the ire of pro tibet groups angry at china s clampdown on protesters there ."
"the british broadcasting corp . said ying had already pulled out , but the chinese embassy said only that she was weighing her options ."
"i cannot confirm or deny the report , embassy spokesman liu weimin said , explaining that ying had been assigned to accompany a chinese delegation on its visit to london ."
"instructed to be with the delegation this weekend , but she is still trying to see whether she can meet both demands ."
"protests also are planned in london , and police said they were deploying about , officers to guard the torch as it makes its way along its mile kilometer route ."
"the free tibet campaign , one of the groups planning to demonstrate sunday , said it welcomed news that the chinese ambassador was considering staying out of the ceremony ."
"clearly it shows that china , for the first time in a long time , is on the defensive about tibet , free tibet spokesman matt whitticase said ."
"washington cnn the number of americans who believe that the country is ready for a black president is rising , a poll released thursday suggested ."
"more than three quarters , percent , of respondents in a cnn essence magazine opinion research corp . poll said the country is ready to be led by an african american , up percentage points since december ."
"some of the rise can be attributed to the success of sen . barack obama in the democratic presidential primaries , said keating holland , cnn s polling director ."
"obama leads sen . hillary clinton in states won , in delegates pledged and in the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses held ."
the poll also indicates that more whites than blacks think the country is ready for
"a black president . of the white americans surveyed , percent said the country is ready , as opposed to percent of african americans polled ."
"drawing on their own life experience , blacks are a little more skeptical than whites . but blacks , too , have come around , particularly after the iowa caucuses demonstrated that obama could win in an overwhelmingly white electorate , said bill schneider , cnn senior political analyst ."
the poll also suggested that more americans think the country is ready for a black president than a female president .
"sixty three percent of those surveyed say the country is ready for a female president , points lower than those who say the country is ready for a black president ."
"the poll asked whether the country is ready for a black or female president , not whether respondents would vote for a black or female president ."
"the poll was conducted by telephone from march to april , with , americans questioned , including , blacks and , whites ."
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea cut off dialogue with south korea on thursday , claiming the peninsula was on the brink of another war ."
north korea also accused south korea of driving their relationship to confrontation and catastrophe .
the country said it was stopping dialogue after south korea failed to apologize for remarks one of its generals made this week .
the general said south korea would attack suspected nuclear weapons sites in north korea if the north tried to attack the south with atomic bombs .
the communist nation said it would take unspecified military actions to punish south korea .
the news comes as south korean president lee myung bak called for dialogue in the midst of escalating tensions between the two nations .
we want the north to come to the dialogue table with a more sincere attitude .
north korea has bristled in response to lee s promised tougher stance toward the north . he took office in late february .
"south korea s conservative regime is driving the north south relations to confrontation and catastrophe , blatantly swimming against the trend of the era of independence , reunification , peace and prosperity , an unidentified spokesman for the democratic front for the reunification of the fatherland said in a statement broadcast by state run media in north korea ."
"lee called north korea s threats undesirable on thursday during a meeting of the country s ranking generals , yonhap reported ."
"since my inauguration , north korea has intensified tension across the border , lee said . but i don t expect the situation to deteriorate further ."
"harare , zimbabwe cnn zimbabwean government forces thursday began cracking down on the main opposition party , raising fears of a political crisis , according to witnesses and an opposition spokesman ."
"the forces raided at least two hotels in the capital , including one that houses foreign journalists , a witness said ."
"four journalists unaccredited by the zimbabwean government were taken away , he said ."
"new york times executive editor bill keller confirmed that barry bearak , a pulitzer prize winning correspondent based in johannesburg , south africa , was taken into custody ."
"he was apparently one of a number of americans and other foreign nationals rounded up today , keller said . an american consular official who visited him at the central police station reported that he was being held for violation of the journalism laws ."
"we are making every effort to assure that he is well treated , and to secure his prompt release , keller said ."
the identities of the other journalists seized in the raid were not immediately known .
"tendai biti , secretary general for the opposition movement for democratic change , said his party s offices in another harare hotel were also raided by zimbabwean forces ."
"some of the rooms were ransacked , the associated press reported ."
"the action targeted certain people . . . including myself , biti told the ap ."
"it is quite clear he has unleashed a war , he said , referring to zimbabwean president robert mugabe ."
"cnn more than , cases of dengue , a sometimes deadly mosquito borne disease , have been reported in a southeastern brazilian state in the past four months , authorities said thursday ."
"the disease has killed people this year in brazil s rio de janeiro state , the state s ministry of health reported ."
"the ministry of health did not identify whether the deaths were attributed to the more severe form of dengue , dengue hemorrhagic fever , which can be fatal if unrecognized and not properly treated , the centers for disease control and prevention said ."
"the cdc said that with treatment , fatalities due to dengue hemorrhagic fever , which is characterized by abnormal internal or external bleeding , can be less than percent ."
"dengue fever , the more common form of dengue , is caused by four closely related viruses ."
"all of them are carried by infected mosquitoes , mainly the aedes aegypti mosquito , the cdc said ."
"the rio de janeiro health ministry said of its , cases of dengue were that of dengue hemorrhagic fever ."
the cdc estimates that there are million cases of dengue around the world each year .
"mosquitoes carrying dengue viruses breed in stored , exposed water , including places as shallow as jars , discarded bottles and plant saucers , according to the world health organization ."
"dr . ali khan of the cdc emphasized prevention . wear long sleeves , loose , baggy pants and make sure you re using good insect repellant ."
"symptoms of dengue fever include high fever , severe headache , backache , joint pains and eye pain , nausea , vomiting and a rash , according to the cdc ."
"there is no vaccine to prevent dengue fever or dengue hemorrhagic fever , the cdc said ."
two prominent supporters of hillary clinton suggested thursday the new york senator needs to best rival barack obama in the total popular vote to have any chance at winning her party s presidential nomination .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
secretary of state condoleezza rice criticized the chinese government thursday for sentencing human rights activist hu jia to jail and said the united states soon will launch new human rights talks with beijing .
hu used the internet to publicize his criticism of the chinese system and the activities of other dissidents . he was sentenced to three and a half years in jail .
"cnn the second in command of al qaeda has said the terrorist group does not kill innocents and that its leader osama bin laden is healthy , according to a transcript of an audio tape released by radical islamist web sites ."
ayman al zawahiri made his remarks in response to questions solicited on a web site close to al qaeda .
"the questions asked his views about egypt and iraq as well as hamas , the militant islamic group that seized control of gaza last year ."
"they also referred to attacks by al qaeda and affiliated groups that have killed scores of civilians in muslim nations , such as algeria , iraq and morocco ."
"al zawahiri , who led an egyptian islamic militant group that joined forces with bin laden in the s , said innocents who have been killed in attacks by al qaeda or affiliated groups died as a result of unintentional error or because they were used as human shields by the enemy ."
"al zawahiri defended a december attack in algeria hospital sources said it killed people because one of its targets was a united nations building and the united nations is an enemy of islam and muslims , according to the transcript ."
"he said bin laden is healthy and well , the transcript said , but that even if he doesn t become ill , he must die one day ."
al jazeera broadcast an audiotape last month on which a voice identified as bin laden s declared iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
"new mexico gov . bill richardson on wednesday sharply disputed bill clinton s reported claim that richardson promised to endorse hillary clinton s bid for the white house . i never did , richardson said ."
we made it very clear to him that he shouldn t expect an endorsement after that meeting .
bill clinton s comments reportedly came during a recent meeting with some california superdelegates .
"the san francisco chronicle reported the former president got red faced when the subject of richardson came up and said , five times to my face richardson said that he would never do that ."
"in the interview wednesday , richardson acknowledged he was very close to endorsing clinton , but decided not to after the campaign got nasty ."
fourth seed jelena jankovic booked a semifinal place at the sony ericsson open in key biscayne after russian elena dementieva retired while trailing in the second set of their quarterfinal clash .
"jankovic led when th seed dementieva , battling an apparent back injury for which she received treatment after the first set , decided she could not continue ."
"serb jankovic , who had saved five match points in her battling second round victory over sweden s sofia arvidsson , will now face the winner of the final quarterfinal between russian duo dinara safina and vera zvonareva ."
"to make her first final of having lost in the final four at the australian open , dubai and indian wells tournaments this year ."
a news report says the north korean military has rejected south korea s response to its recent provocations .
"in a statement sent thursday to the south , a north korean general threatened the country would take unspecified countermeasures against its neighbor , yonhap news agency reported , without citing any source ."
the defense ministry could not immediately confirm the report .
the exchange comes after the south complained earlier this week over north korean comments threatening to turn the country into ashes .
the north s tirade was prompted by south korea s top officer saying last week that seoul could strike suspected north korean nuclear facilities if it had signs of an imminent atomic attack .
south korean president lee myung bak said thursday that the officer s comments were a natural answer in response to lawmakers questions at a parliamentary hearing .
"in the past week , north korea has also test fired missiles and expelled south korean officials from a jointly run industrial zone , apparently in angry response to the tougher policies of south korea s new conservative government ."
lee was personally targeted in a north korean propaganda missive earlier this week that labeled him a traitor and warned that the south would face unspecified consequences for lee s pro u . s . policy .
a survey of sex therapists concluded the optimal amount of time for sexual intercourse was to minutes .
"the findings , to be published in the may issue of the journal of sexual medicine , strike at the notion that endurance is the key to a great sex life ."
"if that sounds like good news to you , don t cheer too loudly ."
"the time does not count foreplay , and the therapists did rate sexual intercourse that lasts from to minutes as too short ."
"researcher eric corty said he hoped to ease the minds of those who believe more of something good is better , and if you really want to satisfy your partner , you should last forever ."
"the questions were not gender specific , said corty . but he said prior research has shown men and women want foreplay and sexual intercourse to last longer ."
"dr . irwin goldstein , editor of the journal of sexual medicine , cited a four week study of , couples in that found the median time for sexual intercourse was . minutes ."
women in the study were armed with stopwatches .
"it s difficult for both older men and young men to make sexual intercourse last much longer , said marianne brandon , a clinical psychologist and director of wellminds wellbodies in annapolis , maryland ."
most people s sex lives are not as exciting as other people think they are .
"fifty members of the society for sex therapy and research in the u . s . and canada were surveyed by corty , an associate professor of psychology at penn state erie , the behrend college , and student jenay guardiani ."
"thirty four members , or percent , responded , although some said the optimal time depended on the couple ."
corty said he hoped to give an idea of what therapists find to be normal and satisfactory among the couples they see .
"people who read this will say , i last five minutes or my partner lasts eight minutes , and say , that s ok , he said ."
"darwin , australia cnn a man rescued his wife from the jaws of a crocodile in remote northern australia by jumping on its back , police said thursday ."
"the woman , , suffered leg and hand injuries in the attack late wednesday in an outback creek where the couple were swimming , northern territory police spokesman david wright said ."
but the . meter foot reptile released the woman and fled when the man jumped on its back .
"it was real crocodile dundee stuff , wright said , referring to the movie featuring an outback hunter who can kill crocodiles with a knife ."
"the attack happened miles southwest of darwin , australia s northernmost city , where the woman was taken to treat wounds that included eight teeth punctures in her thigh ."
the names of the couple were not released .
"the husband s very swift and diligent actions have saved the day , royal darwin hospital general manager len notaros told reporters ."
it was the fourth close call involving a crocodile this year in the northern territory .
"last week , police opened fire on a crocodile as it closed in on a drunken year old man who had accepted a dare to swim out to an offshore crocodile trap , and last month a crocodile nearly snatched a year old israeli tourist from his boat on a river ."
"in january , a man rescued his colleague from a crocodile s jaws but accidentally shot the unlucky co worker in the process ."
"asked at a campaign event if he d consider gore for his cabinet , obama immediately said he would ."
"i will make a commitment that al gore will be at the table and play a central part in us figuring out how we solve this climate change problem , obama said ."
"obama also said he talks with the former vice president on a regular basis , and often consults with him on climate change issues ."
could gore serve alongside bill clinton in an obama administration ?
"last november , the illinois senator said he d offer the former president a job in a second ."
"there are few more talented people than clinton , obama said then ."
"a two day strike at a vietnamese factory that makes nike sneakers has ended , but the plant remained closed after workers returned and violence erupted , a union official said ."
"about , of ching luh s , employees reported to work wednesday morning after the labor union and management of the taiwanese owned plant reached an agreement to increase monthly wages by , dong amid record high inflation , said labor union head pham thi lap ."
"police were called to the plant located in southern long an province in the mekong delta when a brawl broke out and it was closed , lap said ."
"no one was seriously injured , but several workers were beaten during the melee , she added ."
"the workers overwhelmed the police and factory guards , lap said . things went out of control , and we had to call in more police to restore order ."
"the factory , which makes shoes for u . s . sportswear giant nike , will remain closed for the next three days for security reasons , said nguyen van thua , a provincial trade union official ."
"we are encouraged by the labor union and the provincial government in helping to find a fair and timely resolution to the current work stoppage , george lin , factory general manager said in a statement wednesday ."
"off the electricity and they threw chairs at the other workers who tried to switch it on , one said ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn about students broke into a dutch consulate compound in indonesia wednesday to protest a film by a dutch lawmaker that many muslims consider anti islamic ."
"the protesters tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of medan and ripped down a flag , said dutch embassy spokeswoman gonneke de ridder ."
local television carried pictures of police dispersing and rounding up demonstrators .
indonesia is the world s most populous muslim nation .
"the minute film , fitna , features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the quran to paint islam as a threat to western society ."
"it has been posted on several web sites , including google video and youtube ."
dutch prime minister jan beter balkanende has said his government worried that geert wilders film could provoke a violent backlash .
the film has prompted protests in other parts of the muslim world .
"soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry muslims rallied in pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access of youtube over a trailer for wilders film ."
the protesters burned the dutch flag and called on pakistan to cut ties with the netherlands .
"the dutch government and others , including the european union and the organization of the islamic conference , have rejected the film ."
"the oic has member states over four continents and claims on its web site to be the second largest inter governmental organization , after the united nations ."
"in its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under dutch law ."
"my intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth at least the truth as i see it , wilders told cnn ."
"and if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem ."
"the film opens with passages from the quran , interspersed with graphic images of the september , , terrorist attacks against the united states ."
"beheadings of hostages executions of women in hijab , the traditional muslim attire"
"and footage , with subtitles , of islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against jews and christians ."
new york cnn among the rare manuscripts to be offered for sale at sotheby s auction house thursday is an letter in which abraham lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of young boys and girls .
the little people s petition asked him to free all the little slave children of this country .
"lincoln wrote , please tell these little people i am very glad their young hearts are so full of just and generous sympathy and that , while i have not the power to grant all they ask , i trust they will remember that god has , and that , as it seems , he wills to do it ."
"although lincoln s emancipation proclamation had declared freedom for all slaves held in areas in rebellion against the united states as of january , , full abolition of slavery was not accomplished until adoption of the th amendment to the constitution late in ."
"the letter , from the dr . robert small trust , is expected to go for between million and million , which would make it the most expensive lincoln manuscript sold , sotheby s spokeswoman lauren gioia said in a news release ."
"it is part of a collection of pieces that is expected to bring as much as million , she said ."
about lincoln documents are among the items for sale from the small trust .
"also included are other documents from u . s . presidents , including pages from george washington s diary and correspondence from thomas jefferson and john adams a rare document signed by both meriwether lewis and william clark"
"france has agreed to send a battalion of troops to eastern afghanistan , a nato spokesman has said ."
"james appathurai told reporters at a briefing that the move will help nato meet canada s requirement that it send more troops to the volatile southern province of kandahar , where canadian troops are based ."
"canada agreed this month to extend its commitment of about , troops until so long as nato contributes more troops to kandahar ."
"there is a clear unity in the alliance that the mission in afghanistan must succeed , appathurai said ."
"though nato allies and other countries have contributed forces , the bulk of the recent fighting has been done by u . s . , canadian , british and dutch troops ."
"appathurai also said thursday that he did not expect nato applicants georgia and ukraine to be put on a membership action plan this summit but , he said , the general sense in terms of membership for the two countries is not whether , but when ."
u . s . president george w . bush has pushed for the admission of ukraine and georgia to the military alliance .
"however , russia which is not a nato member has expressed concerns about the former soviet republics joining nato , which has already made members of other former soviet countries latvia , lithuania , and estonia ."
"appathurai also said a general consensus could not be reached on macedonia s bid , because of greece s objections ."
irish prime minister bertie ahern uh hern said wednesday he will step down may after almost years in office .
never in all the time i served in public life have i ever put my interests ahead of the public good .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said nato is close to having the number of troops it needs for afghanistan , where , foreign troops take part in the nato led mission ."
nato s role in afghanistan has divided the alliance amid concerns that some countries aren t sharing the same combat burdens .
this week s summit of nato leaders in romania has also exposed divisions within the military alliance over u . s . plans to locate missile defense bases in eastern europe as well as disagreement over the cases for membership of former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia .
"i m optimistic that we will leave the summit . . . with more troop commitments , which is necessary in afghanistan , scheffer told cnn from bucharest , romania , where the summit is being held ."
he said nato is close to have the number of troops its military advisers recommend .
u . s . president george w . bush has called on nato members to send more troops to afghanistan .
"citing a recent recording from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that threatens attacks on europe , bush said the war in afghanistan must be won ."
i think if tomorrow we get clarification on troop support . . . the people of afghanistan are going to be more than grateful .
"bush also said he was confident of persuading nato members to back u . s . missile defense plans , which includes building bases in member states poland and the czech republic ."
"it looks to me that the agreement is coming together , bush said , adding that russian president vladimir putin should welcome nato as a group of nations dedicated to peace ."
bush is due to meet putin on sunday in the russian black sea resort of sochi .
"he is also due to hold talks with putin s successor elect , dmitry medvedev , who is due to replace putin next month and is expected to appoint his predecessor as prime minister ."
"president robert mugabe s ruling zanu pf party has lost control of the lower house of parliament , according to results released wednesday by zimbabwe s electoral commission ."
"the results are not yet final , but it appears the opposition movement for democratic change and its allies will secure a majority in zimbabwe s seat lower house of parliament ."
"while this gives the mdc significantly more power , certain legislation needs a two thirds majority to pass zimbabwe s parliament , which it appears the mdc has not secured ."
"the electoral commission said it would soon begin releasing results from the upper house , the senate ."
"the news came as the main opposition party in zimbabwe said its leader had won the presidential elections , an assertion the country s information minister disregarded as an attempt to wreak mayhem and panic ."
despite claims that there will be a runoff to determine the impoverished african nation s next leader including a report in zimbabwe s state run newspaper the mdc says morgan tsvangirai won the election flat out .
mdc secretary general tendai biti called for longtime president robert mugabe to step down .
"mugabe , who was prime minister before taking the presidential post in , has been in power since zimbabwe s independence years ago ."
"president morgan richard tsvangirai has won this election , not in respect of the gross vote , but in attaining the majority required , biti said ."
"mugabe s other challenger , simba makoni , received percent of the vote ."
fifteen u . s . house members asked president bush tuesday not to attend the olympic games in beijing to protest china s human rights records .
"the call follows comments from house speaker nancy pelosi , who earlier said bush should boycott the august opening ceremony ."
president bush has said he intends to meet china s president during a trip to see the olympics .
"in a letter , the house members democrats and one republican pointed to china s crackdown on anti government protesters in tibet . they urged the president to reconsider his decision ."
"it would be clearly inappropriate for you to attend the olympic games in china , given the increasingly repressive nature of that country s government , the letter said ."
"the olympic games are the most honorable , venerated , and prestigious international sporting events in the world ."
your attendance at these games will only serve to enhance china s honor and prestige as the host country of the olympics .
"a spokesman for rep . maxine waters , a democrat from california who led the group , said the congresswoman had earlier urged for a boycott of the games ."
french president nicolas sarkozy has said he may skip the opening ceremony . german chancellor angela merkel said she will skip the olympic games . britain s prince charles said in january he has no plans to attend the ceremony .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang has said that the olympic games should not be politicized .
"we hope to enhance mutual understanding , friendship and cooperation with other peoples through the games , qin said in a statement on the ministry s web site . we must follow the purpose of the olympics and not politicize the games ."
"despite increasing calls from the international community to release election results , zimbabwe has yet to provide any data on the presidential race three days after voters went to the polls ."
the lack of information is fueling confusion and widespread speculation about the future of president robert mugabe .
"but a spokesman for morgan tsvangirai , mdc leader and mugabe s main challenger , denied that report and said the party is not negotiating with mugabe ."
"tendai biti , secretary general of mdc , also said that talks are not under way between mdc and mugabe s zanu pf party ."
biti told cnn the mdc believes challenger morgan tsvangirai won enough votes to force a run off election with mugabe .
"earlier , zanu pf officials had said they , too , were preparing for a run off ."
"biti asserted that with results in from constituencies , the mdc has won percent of the vote meaning that even if mugabe carries the other constituencies , he could not avoid a run off ."
"zanu pf has also denied talks were under way between the parties , saying it , too , is preparing for a run off ."
tensions are high in the southern african country that has never seen a transition of power .
mugabe has led zimbabwe since the country won independence from the united kingdom in .
"zimbabwe s electoral commission has announced the results of more than half of the parliamentary seats , with mugabe s zimbabwe african national union patriotic front holding a slight lead ."
a zimbabwe diplomat told cnn the delay in releasing the presidential results is simply to ensure every vote is counted .
"this is a new phenomenon , said zimbabwe s ambassador to the united nations , boniface guwa chidyausiku , noting that four simultaneous elections were held saturday ."
"the arrests were made in melilla , a spanish enclave of about , people on morocco s mediterranean coast , with spanish civil guards acting on international arrests warrants issued by morocco , the ministry said in a written statement ."
"moroccan authorities have linked one of the suspects , ali aarass , to the casablanca bombings in may that killed bystanders and suicide bombers ."
"he is suspected of islamic extremist activities during the past years , the spanish statement said . the other man , mohamed el bay , is wanted"
"for alleged involvement with a terrorist network that moroccan police broke up last february , when they arrested people suspected of plotting attacks against moroccan government targets , it said ."
moroccan police seized numerous weapons in the february raids and later contacted european police for help in locating other suspects in the group .
"spain has arrested more than suspected islamic extremists since the madrid train bombings of that killed people , although not all of the suspects remain in jail ."
"police arrested a senior taliban commander who escaped twice from prisons in afghanistan , nabbing him during a clash in the country s south that left three insurgents dead , an official said tuesday ."
"the militants , led by taliban commander mullah naqibullah and dressed in police uniforms , ambushed a police convoy monday north of the helmand province capital of lashkar gah , provincial police chief mohammad hussein andiwal said ."
it was the third time that authorities have arrested naqibullah .
"two months ago , naqibullah managed to escape from the prison run by the afghan intelligence service in lashkar gah , andiwal said ."
"previously he had escaped from a prison in the capital , kabul ."
helmand is the world s largest opium producing province and the scene of fierce clashes between militants and afghan and foreign troops .
"squadron leader iain bright , a spokesman for nato s international security assistance force , said their troops targeted four insurgents as they were digging ."
"in a separate incident , a mine struck a civilian vehicle tuesday in southwestern nimroz province , killing the driver and wounding two civilians , said provincial police chief mohammad ayub badakhshi ."
"san francisco , california cnn marine biologists studying wild octopuses have found a kinky and violent society of jealous murders , gender subterfuge and once in a lifetime sex ."
"the study by researchers from the university of california , berkeley , who journeyed off the coast of indonesia found that wild octopuses are far from the shy , unromantic loners their captive brethren appear to be ."
"the scientists watched the abdopus aculeatus octopus , which are the size of an orange , for several weeks and published their findings recently in the journal marine biology ."
"they witnessed picky , macho males carefully select a mate , then guard their newly domesticated digs so jealously they would occasionally use their to inch tentacles to strangle a romantic rival ."
"male octopuses put on feminine airs , such as swimming girlishly near the bottom and keeping their male brown stripes hidden in order to win unsuspecting conquests ."
"if you re going to spend time guarding a female , you want to go for the biggest female you can find because she s going to produce more eggs , said uc berkeley biologist roy caldwell , who co wrote the study ."
it s basically an investment strategy .
"shortly after the female gives birth , about a month after conception , the mother and father die , researchers said ."
"it s not the sex that leads to death , said christine huffard , the study s lead author . it s just that octopuses produce offspring once during a very short lifespan of a year ."
"paris , france cnn the french markets regulator said tuesday it has found evidence of insider trading at eads , the parent company of airbus ."
"in a report following an month investigation , regulator amf also alleged eads had misled financial markets by failing to meet standards on the publication of information ."
"while amf s announcement did not mention airbus specifically , its investigation was triggered when top management and shareholders carried out suspicious share trades in the time before eads revealed severe delays to the production of the airbus a superjumbo jet in june ."
word of those delays caused shares in eads to drop by a quarter at the time .
"eads had reported in march that certain executives and major shareholders had sold shares during a pre approved window , but amf decided to investigate whether anyone who sold those shares knew the bad news about the delays was coming ."
"aviation analyst howard wheeldon , of brokerage firm bgc partners in london , said the french investigation initially involved people ."
"what they actually knew or didn t know in terms of the delay , whether there would be a delay announcement forthcoming it s very difficult , it s very complicated , wheeldon told cnn . but i do seem to get the impression that the french regulatory authorities have got a long way down the line ."
"french reports about the investigation have previously pointed to former eads director noel forgeard , who was fired soon after the delay announcement in june ."
"forgeard made a profit of some million when he sold his stock in march , and his three children also sold stock options ."
"christian streiff was hired in july of to clean up the problems at airbus , but he resigned in october of that year after the company announced another lengthy delay in a production ."
"oslo , norway cnn a dwarf crocodile in norway was recuperating tuesday from a kidnapping ordeal that included having his mouth taped shut , an aquarium director said ."
"taggen , a year old crocodile , was reported missing monday from his cage at the bergen aquarium after his captors broke the latch over the weekend and took the reptile , said marine biologist kees oscar ekeli , the aquarium s director ."
"after the theft of the inch long croc made national news in norway , the kidnappers handed him over to reporters from the tv television network through a middleman late monday , reports said ."
"a reptile enthusiast later claimed responsibility for the theft , telling national media he took taggen to protest the reptile s poor cage conditions ."
"it was not known whether police would take the man , vaalen gaanev of the web site reptilweb . no , into custody for questioning ."
"taggen is a paleosuchus trigonatus , also known as a schneider s dwarf caiman ."
ekeli said the smooth fronted caimans are among the world s smallest species of crocodile .
ekeli said gaanev s claim of poor care was idiotic and that conditions at the aquarium are excellent .
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he does not plan to boycott august s olympic opening ceremonies in beijing or the torch relay in london this weekend ."
"i think we ve got to bear in mind that although there s a huge amount of controversy now surrounding the olympics because of what s been happening in tibet , the dalai lama himself has made it clear he doesn t want there to be a boycott of the olympics , brown told reporters at his monthly news conference ."
i think we ve got to bear in mind the views around the world that the olympics should go ahead as a sporting occasion .
"the olympic torch relay is scheduled to pass through london this sunday on its way to the olympics in beijing , china , and brown said he would be there to welcome it ."
brown said he would also attend the opening ceremonies for the olympics because london was hosting the next summer games in .
questions about an olympic boycott intensified last month after china began a crackdown on anti chinese demonstrators in tibet .
"brown repeated his call for dialogue between the chinese government and the dalai lama , the exiled tibetan spiritual leader ."
carla bruni sarkozy has been appointed by gordon brown to inject more style and glamour into british life if you believe a report in the uk s guardian newspaper .
she is set to join british prime minister brown s government of all talents and move to london for three months to take advantage of the carlamania that is gripping the country .
"you ve probably as much chance of that happening as pigs flying , except because it s april fool s day it s penguins not pigs the bbc has footage compiled by former monty python terry jones ."
"the sun , a uk tabloid , trumpeted a stretching operation for mrs sarkozy s husband , french president nicolas sarkozy ."
"doctors reckon they will be able to add an amazing five inches . cm to his height in just over a year , the sun said ."
when surgery is completed he will be an inch taller than his stunning ex model wife carla bruni sarkozy .
"in the animal kingdom , national geographic s latest cover features paris hilton as part of a wild animal theme . inside , a photo of a lion is made up of dozens of images of women s bare chests , ap reported ."
"in producing its two hour documentary , eyewitness to murder"
"the king assassination , cnn presents turned to the people who were there that day and others personally involved in the movement to tell their first hand stories of a tragedy that still resonates today ."
"cnn sought out these critical witnesses and others with pained memories and personal knowledge to tell the story in their own words , rather than depend on official reconstructions of the murder case ."
"among those interviewed five policemen on the scene or on duty that day , three men in the firehouse , two of the garbage workers whose city wide strike brought the civil rights leader to memphis , the medical examiner who plotted the trajectory of the fatal bullet , and the former ku klux klan lawyer who became james earl ray s first attorney ."
"ray s younger brother , jerry , shared his story of how he stayed in touch with james during the prison escapee s year on the run and was at his bedside when ray died almost years after his guilty plea in king s death ."
"the documentary draws on james earl ray s personal hand written account at the time , which describes how he purchased his white mustang and the rifle left"
"the former lorraine motel is now the national civil rights museum in memphis , and its president , beverly robertson , allowed cnn unprecedented access not only to the second floor balcony where king was killed , but also to the museum s remarkable display of the evidence , including ray s rifle and his prison radio , both left behind as he drove away ."
"the democratic presidential candidates are criss crossing pennsylvania this week , dropping in at gas stations and truck stops to convince voters they ve got the best plan to tackle soaring gas prices and big oil profits ."
"clinton likened herself tuesday to sylvester stallone s rocky balboa character , but said the big fight ahead isn t just against her opponent , sen . barack obama , but also against the country s oil crisis ."
"while beating back calls from some of her opponent s supporters to step down , clinton has taken to lashing out at the bush administration s oil policy ."
"the president is too busy holding hands with the saudis to care about american truck drivers who can t afford to fill up their tank any longer , she said ."
"obama , meanwhile , said monday a crackdown is needed on oil companies ."
"we need a president who can stand up to big oil and big energy companies and say enough is enough , obama said monday ."
"clinton and obama held events a mile apart monday in wilkes barre , pennsylvania . both focused on energy issues ."
"it s affecting the business pretty bad , because as gas prices are higher , the rates of the cabs are higher . and the customers are complaining , a cab driver said ."
"in washington tuesday , top executives from five of the biggest oil companies exxon mobil , royal dutch shell , bp , chevron and conocophillips were grilled before congress over their growing profits and corporate tax breaks ."
"to our knowledge the next plan of the tibet independence forces is to organize suicide squads to launch violent attacks , wu heping , spokesman for china s ministry of public security , said at a news conference , according to a translation of his remarks by the associated press ."
"they claim they fear neither bloodshed nor sacrifice , he said ."
"he did not provide details or evidence , and samdhong rinpoche , prime minister of tibet s exiled government , dismissed the accusation ."
"group or people . now , our suspicion is that the prc people s republic of china might be staging such a violent act in the name of tibetan people to mislead the world community , he said in dharamsala , india ."
"it is our . . . suspicion , otherwise there is no ground to claim that some tibetan people or group is planning to use suicide bombers or something like that , the tibetan prime minister said ."
beijing blames the dalai lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for tibetan independence last month .
"china has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy appealed tuesday for leftist rebels to free former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , saying she is in danger of imminent death ."
"addressing manuel marulanda , a leader of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , sarkozy said in a televised national address that betancourt doesn t have the strength to withstand this endless captivity , which is turning into a tragedy ."
"farc has held betancourt , who has dual french citizenship , for more than six years ."
"hostages whom the rebel group recently freed said she is in poor health , and other reports have said she began a hunger strike february , the sixth anniversary of her captivity . so , you who lead farc , you now have a date with history , sarkozy warned ."
liberate ingrid betancourt and those hostages who are the weakest !
"established as the military wing of the colombian communist party in , farc is colombia s oldest , largest and best equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u . s . department of state ."
"several nations , including the united states , classify it as a terrorist group ."
"farc has long justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic in a drawn out , complex civil war that has involved right wing paramilitary groups , government forces and drug trafficking ."
the group holds roughly hostages in colombia s jungles .
"sen . hillary clinton embraced the role of underdog and vowed not to quit as she and her rival in the democratic presidential contest , sen . barack obama , stumped across pennsylvania on tuesday ."
"entering to the theme song from the rocky movies , clinton compared herself to rocky balboa , the boxing hero played by sylvester stallone , during an address to the afl cio in philadelphia , pennsylvania ."
"sen . obama says he s getting tired of the campaign . his supporters say they want it to end , she said ."
"could you imagine if rocky balboa had gotten halfway up those art museum stairs and said , well , i guess that s about far enough ?"
"that s not the way it works , clinton said , referring to a famous scene in the first rocky movie ."
"let me tell you something . when it comes to finishing the fight , rocky and i have a lot in common . i never quit , she said ."
"neither clinton nor obama will win the , delegates needed to capture the nomination outright , meaning the superdelegates probably will determine the democratic nominee ."
"obama currently leads clinton in delegates , to , , according to cnn estimates . obama also leads in the overall popular vote ."
clinton recently has fended off calls from prominent obama supporters including sen . patrick leahy of vermont to drop out of the race .
"they said the battle will weaken the democratic nominee before he or she gets a chance to take on the presumptive republican candidate , sen . john mccain ."
roma captain francesco totti has been ruled out of tuesday s first leg champions league quarterfinal clash against manchester united at the olympic stadium .
"the talismanic striker , who scored the equaliser with a stunning free kick in saturday s serie a draw at cagliari , suffered a thigh injury during the game and has not recovered in time ."
"at the end of saturday s match francesco totti complained of pain in his left thigh , read a brief statement on the roma official website ."
he must undergo a period of rest while the situation is monitored in the next few days .
roma coach luciano spalletti was forced to play totti at cagliari despite the striker struggling with a right knee injury as midfielders daniele de rossi and simone perrotta and forward mirko vucinic were all serving one match bans .
"totti , who is the giallorossi s top scorer with goals this season , is optimistic of being fit for the second leg at old trafford ."
"he s disappointed not to be playing on tuesday but he is determined to try to be ready for the return leg , said totti s personal trainer vito scala ."
united manager sir alex ferguson said obviously totti is an inspirational figure in the roma side but i m sure that the experience of coach luciano spalletti and the rest of the players will overcome his loss .
"new delhi , india cnn india s soccer captain , bhaichung bhutia , has refused to carry the beijing olympic torch during its run in the indian capital later this month to protest chinese authorities crackdown on recent protests in tibet ."
"the indian olympic association , which is organizing the flame s run in new delhi on april , has invited several top indian athletes , including bhutia , p . t . usha , milkha singh and gurbachan singh randhawa , for the event ."
an indian sports official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to reporters said tuesday that bhutia faxed his decision to the indian olympic association on monday .
bhutia is the first athlete to refuse to run with the torch .
"bhutia is from india s northeastern sikkim state , which borders china ."
"north korea s media criticized south korea s new president for the first time since his inauguration in a blistering rebuke , warning tuesday that seoul s pro u . s . policies could lead to irrevocable catastrophic consequences ."
the lengthy article in the north s main rodong sinmun daily came amid a series of provocations by the communist nation that have stoked tensions on the divided peninsula .
"over the weekend , a north korean military commentator threatened to turn the south into ashes in a pre emptive strike , responding to comments by a south korean military commander that seoul could target suspected north korean nuclear sites if there were signs of a pending attack from pyongyang ."
the north s moves were aimed at swaying new conservative south korean president lee myung bak from taking a tougher stand on his communist neighbor .
it said the south should not meddle in ongoing international nuclear talks that include the u . s . by demanding disarmament as a precondition for north south cooperation .
"how can you tell the difference between a regular , patience trying job search and an unsuccessful one ?"
"you send will result in an interview , but some of them should . another clue is if you are getting called for interviews but you never get called back for a second round or receive an offer ."
"if you find your job hunt isn t giving you anything but a stress headache , ask yourself the following questions"
will prove not only that you re qualified for the job but that you also have an attention to detail .
think about this there is only one of you and there are thousands of job openings .
"the more people know you re looking for a job , the better your chances of finding one are ."
"with so many job seekers competing for the same position , you have an edge if you are referred by a friend or colleague of the hiring manager ."
do i know something about the companies i m applying to ?
"tell me what you know about the company or why would you fit in well here ? have become staple interview questions , so don t be caught off guard ."
"shrugging your shoulders and saying , i don t know isn t going to score you points ."
look at the company s web site and read press releases and newspaper articles to see what s going on with your prospective future boss .
"in addition to preparing for the interview , you ll also learn whether or not the company and its culture are a right fit for you ."
"former vice president al gore on monday launched a three year , multimillion dollar advocacy campaign calling for the u . s . to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions ."
"the alliance for climate protection s campaign , dubbed we , will combine advertising , online organizing and partnerships with grassroots groups to educate the public about global warming and urge solutions from elected officials ."
"an advertising campaign will equate the climate change movement with other grand historic endeavors , like stopping fascism in europe during world war ii , overcoming segregation in the united states and putting the first man on the moon ."
"some advertisements will feature bipartisan pairs , such as the rev . al sharpton with pat robertson and house speaker nancy pelosi with former speaker newt gingrich , zoi said ."
some of the money for the campaign comes from gore himself .
"zoi said he contributed his personal profits from the book and movie , an inconvenient truth , a , award from his share of the nobel peace prize and a personal matching gift ."
"when politicians hear the american people calling loud and clear for change , they ll listen , gore , the former tennessee senator and presidential candidate , said in a statement ."
"the we campaign web site hopes to change that by offering ideas on conserving energy at home and work and guidance for those who want to do more , like writing to their elected officials ."
"cnn teri garr is known for her acting roles in tootsie and friends , but one man in hollywood will probably remember her best for the way she wields a hammer ."
"my phone rings at in the morning , says garr , and this woman says is this teri garr ? because i ve been sleeping with your boyfriend since august ."
the caller had decided to spill the beans after catching the guy in bed with yet another woman .
"and then for some reason i saw a hammer and i threw that in the box , too ."
"enraged , garr says she drove to her boyfriend s house in and did what many a scorned woman has only dreamed of"
she smashed all his windows .
vengeance can be appealing when a relationship ends badly .
but should you indulge ?
"revenge fantasies are normal , says jeffrey kaye , a san francisco psychologist who specializes in couples counseling ."
"there is a certain element of wanting to set things right according to some universal truth an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . but when revenge is acted out on the other person and not just fantasized about , it can be quite destructive and self defeating ."
men have taken their share of revenge .
"in , a british man hung a sign over a highway telling his wife he wanted a divorce ."
"in , nicholas bartha , a new york city doctor , blew up his townhouse to avoid giving it to his ex after he was ordered to pay her several million dollars in their divorce case . he died from injuries caused by the blast ."
"but as the saying goes , hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ."
"women aren t afraid to go for the jugular , says christine gallagher , founder of revengelady . com and author of the woman s book of revenge"
tips on getting even when mr . right turns out to be all wrong .
"gallagher , who says she thinks women find revenge empowering because they no longer feel like a foolish victim , carried out her own vengeful deed"
"she unscrewed the door of her cheating ex s audi , inserted a marble in the frame , then screwed it back together ."
it took mechanics months to find the cause of the rattling .
"at last they pulled out the marble and a note you finally found it , you f r . whatever you do , be careful not to cross the line into illegal behavior ."
"leon borstein , who does matrimonial litigation in manhattan , says many forms of revenge could be considered criminal ."
"yearly inflation in the nations that use the euro hit a new record high of . percent in march , the eu statistical agency eurostat said monday ."
"inflation was . percent in february , running far above the european central bank s guideline of just under percent as worries over banks reluctance to lend has held it back from the usual move of cooling inflation by hiking borrowing costs ."
the rate represents the fastest pace of price increases since eurostat started keeping records years ago for the countries that launched the common currency in .
"eurostat s figure is a first estimate , which it will confirm on april ."
"in recent months , high prices for transport fuel , heating oil , bread , dairy products and vegetables have pushed up the rate and are blamed for holding back household spending eating into one of the main drivers of economic growth in the region ."
"canberra , australia cnn plans to slaughter kangaroos living on an abandoned military site near the capital of australia have been put on hold due to public opposition , the defense department said monday ."
"instead , the department said it has asked the local government to consider moving the animals which have been blamed for ruining the habitat of rare lizards and insects to another site ."
"a report released earlier this month recommended the immediate slaughter of the animals to protect lowland native grasslands and threatened species , and said relocating them would be inhumane ."
scientists say eastern gray kangaroos are abundant and are destroying the native grassland of threatened species like the grassland earless dragon and the striped legless lizard .
"more than species of kangaroo exist throughout australia and while a few species are endangered , others have thrived on outback land that has been cultivated for grazing ."
"federal environment protection laws allow wild kangaroos to be hunted , and they are killed by licensed hunters under a quota system ."
"the meat is used for human consumption and pet food , and the pelts for soft toys and other items ."
minnesota sen . amy klobuchar a superdelegate holdout from a traditional swing state backed fellow freshman sen . barack obama monday morning .
"while obama rival sen . hillary clinton began the presidential campaign with a massive advantage in congressional endorsements , klobuchar s endorsement now gives obama a edge over clinton among their democratic senate colleagues ."
clinton maintains a advantage among superdelegates or so elected officials and party activists who are free to cast their vote how they wish in the most recent cnn count .
"but since super tuesday on february , obama has added more than twice as many to his total as she has , ."
"since the march contests , the trend is greater than to ."
clinton s count would be greater but the party has not resolved the thorny question of how to seat the florida and michigan delegations .
"currently , neither state will be allowed to send pledged or superdelegates to the summer convention ."
"last week , a group of major clinton donors who had donated roughly million to the party over the past decade sent a message to house speaker nancy pelosi , who had made public comments urging superdelegates to nominate the pledged delegate leader , calling on her to reconsider her position ."
pelosi has not endorsed a presidential candidate
"neither have such high profile party leaders as former vice president al gore , former new york gov . mario cuomo , jesse jackson and senate majority leader harry reid of nevada ."
"obama maintains a slight lead over clinton among pledged delegates , which are awarded based on vote totals though neither will be mathematically able to earn enough support in that category to capture the nomination prior to the party convention in late august ."
"nassau , bahamas cnn a bahamas jury ruled monday that anna nicole smith s son died from an accidental drug overdose , just like his mother ."
"the seven member jury , which deliberated for less than two hours , recommended no criminal charges in the september death of year old daniel smith ."
"the son of the former playboy playmate died after coming to the bahamas to meet his new baby sister on sept . , ."
his mother died early the next year in florida from an accidental drug overdose at age .
"police had said there was no evidence of homicide , and autopsies found that daniel died from a combination of drugs , including methadone and antidepressants ."
but bahamian authorities ordered the inquest amid widespread speculation over the circumstances surrounding his death .
"neil mccabe , an attorney for anna nicole s mother , virgie arthur , said she was disappointed in the ruling because she suspected foul play was involved ."
"arthur has claimed previously that anna nicole s boyfriend and attorney howard k . stern played a role in both deaths , but she did not provide evidence ."
why would he all of a sudden take a massive dose of methadone ?
"i have no control over them , he said of arthur and her attorneys ."
magistrate william campbell said the jury s decision ended the case as far the courts in the bahamas were concerned .
the inquest began in november and heard from more than two dozen witnesses
"anna nicole s former boyfriend , larry birkhead , testified that daniel was a troubled young man who struggled with drugs and alcohol . but stern said he was surprised at the autopsy report and said he had never seen daniel using drugs ."
"mid way through barack obama s six day bus tour across pennsylvania , it s hard not to think of iowa ."
"the rural landscape , the chilly weather and even obama s stump speech bear an eerie resemblance to those first days on the campaign trail ."
"however , on this tour the first multi day bus tour since the illinois senator s days of campaigning in south carolina the pace has slowed ."
"obama even admitted saturday that he is campaigning at a more leisurely pace these days , because the april contest is still weeks away ."
it s also probably fair to say that there isn t as much at stake here as there was in iowa the first primary of the season .
"pennsylvania , while often called a big state , may not have the kind of power of the early states ."
"it s just hard to get questions and have a lot of interaction , obama said of the arena style events that are more akin to rock concerts than political events ."
off the record stops or otrs have been common .
these quick trips have traditionally been to restaurants or local factories where obama often meets with workers during shift changes .
"zimbabwe s government monday began releasing the results of the weekend parliamentary vote , but offered no data on the hotly contested presidential race ."
"president robert mugabe is facing the most formidable challenge to his year rule from two opponents , including his former finance minister , simba makoni , who is running as an independent ."
"the opposition movement for democratic change , led by presidential contender morgan tsvangirai , announced sunday that it had won enough votes in saturday s presidential and parliamentary election to end the year old incumbent s reign ."
but a group of non governmental organizations monitoring the election released exit polling data monday that indicated the race possibly headed for a runoff vote .
"mugabe was second with . percent , and makoni third with . percent ."
election authorities have released no data on the presidential race .
government officials said it takes time to verify and harmonize the counts .
"the united states , which has raised concerns about election fraud in the southern african country , called on zimbabwe s government to make sure the counting of the votes . . . ensures the will of the people is heard , state department spokesman tom casey said monday ."
it is unlikely that mugabe will receive any congratulations from the u . s . if he emerges as the victor .
"speaking to reporters during her trip to the middle east , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice called the long time president and his government a disgrace to the people of zimbabwe and a disgrace to southern africa and to the continent of africa as a whole ."
"havana , cuba cnn cuba will allow its citizens to stay in hotels previously reserved for foreigners , the latest in a series of decisions to lift bans on goods and services that the average cuban can t afford ."
"the prohibition on staying in foreigners only hotels unnerved many cubans , who complained that foreigners were being afforded rights that were denied to ordinary citizens ."
"cubans will be allowed to stay in the hotels beginning at midnight monday , said employees at several havana hotels . word of the change came from tourism ministry officials , the employees said ."
"for most cubans , the measure is largely symbolic , as hotel rates are unaffordable ."
"the hotel announcement comes after the government lifted a ban last week on cubans owning cell phones . that privilege , too , will be too costly for most cubans ."
"the cuban government did not say how much cell phones will cost , but it currently costs more than to activate a line ."
the relaxed rules represent the first nuts and bolts changes since february when ra uacute
"the cuban government also recently approved the sale of computers , microwaves and dvd players to cubans items previously sold only to foreigners and companies ."
"before the ban on staying in hotels was lifted , cuban critics called the restrictions tourist apartheid ."
"in a video that made the rounds on the internet in february , a student asked the president of cuba s national assembly why cubans could not travel freely to such resorts ."
"on average , more than million tourists visit cuba annually ."
"the country s tourism ministry recently announced that at least hotels will be built in the capital , havana , between and ."
"n djamena , chad cnn six french aid workers convicted of plotting to kidnap african children for adoption in europe have been released from prison following their pardon by chad s president , according to the french justice ministry ."
"the six workers from a charity called zoe s ark had tried to take the children to france for adoption , claiming they were evacuating orphans from sudan s darfur region ."
"but investigations showed the children were chadian , and that most had at least one parent or close adult relative ."
"after convictions in chad , the six were transferred to france to serve their eight year sentences . a chadian middleman was also sentenced to eight years ."
"the case had inflamed anti french sentiment in chad , but president idriss deby raised the possibility of a pardon after french support helped him ward off a rebel attack on his capital in february ."
"deby officially pardoned the seven convicts monday , state radio announced ."
a french justice ministry spokesman interviewed on france info radio said that all six zoe s ark aid workers would be released during the coming hours .
liverpool delivered a vital blow in the battle for fourth place in england s premier league with a victory over city rivals everton on sunday .
"while chelsea earlier reclaimed second place after a win over visiting middlesbrough , liverpool moved five points clear of its neighbor through fernando torres th goal of the season ."
torres equaled the club record of scoring in six successive home league games .
chelsea defender ricardo carvalho scored in the sixth minute to lift the blues back above arsenal and to within five points of leader manchester united .
the portuguese center back headed home wayne bridge s free kick for his first goal this season after chelsea went into the game without injured top scorer frank lampard .
"chelsea now have points , one more than the gunners , who rallied from down to halt a five match winless streak and beat bolton on saturday ."
"france is ready to take in colombian rebels freed from jail in their homeland in exchange for hostage ingrid betancourt , prime minister francois fillon said sunday ."
"france made a similar offer to take in jailed farc members in december , but is pressing ever harder for freedom for betancourt , who holds dual french and colombian citizenship ."
"in bogota , colombian presidential spokesman cesar mauricio velasquez welcomed france s offer to take in rebels , calling it very important ."
velasquez said colombia s government will fulfill its word of freeing jailed rebels if the farc releases hostages .
"france is ready to do everything necessary to permit the liberation of ingrid betancourt and taking in farc militants is part of this effort , fillon said in an interview on the tv station tf ."
"in return for the hostages release , rebels would have to promise not to return to farc , which has been fighting for decades to topple the colombian government ."
welcome to india s wine country .
"this sleepy town in western india , long famous for its grapes , has become the subcontinent s sonoma valley , the heart of a million industry that has seen annual growth of more than percent annually since ."
"a taste for wine is now a sign of sophistication among indians who have grown wealthy as the economy has boomed , and scores of wineries have opened in recent years to quench their thirst ."
"with more education and more affluence , it s very natural for a population to drink more wine ."
"the wine business is still relatively small , especially considering india s population of . billion ."
"in , indian winemakers sold roughly , cases of wine domestically and , cases overseas , up from , domestic cases and , overseas in , according to industry figures ."
"indian winemakers face a significant challenge gaining a foothold in this country where alcohol is still largely frowned upon for religious and cultural reasons , and many of those who do drink nearly all men are just fine with their whiskey and sodas ."
"but winemakers of all sizes , from international spirits giants to mom and pop home brewers , see huge potential in india s booming market ."
"most indian bottles cost around , making them far more affordable than foreign wines , which can cost several times what they would in europe or the u . s . due to heavy taxes and import duties ."
"the wine importing business is also murky with gray market bootleggers and improperly stored bottles , making locally produced wine an attractive option ."
"aloha airlines said sunday it will halt all passenger service after monday , signaling the end of an airline that has served hawaii for more than years ."
"aloha , which filed for bankruptcy for chapter bankruptcy protection on march , was a casualty of fierce competition and rising fuel prices ."
the airline said it will stop taking reservations for flights after monday .
"we simply ran out of time to find a qualified buyer or secure continued financing for our passenger business , said aloha president david banmiller in a statement ."
"airlines in , triggering a local airfare war ."
"unfortunately , unfair competition has succeeded in driving us out of business , he said ."
aloha said tickets for flights after monday will not be honored .
it said it is working to have united airlines accommodate passengers with tickets for aloha s mainland to hawaii flights .
the company said air cargo services are to continue .
aloha airlines was founded in .
a strict curfew was extended indefinitely in the iraqi capital sunday as the death toll mounted from clashes between government troops and shiite muslim militants .
"fighting sparked by a government led push against outlaw militias in the southern city of basra had left more than people dead by saturday , according to iraqi authorities ."
"the unrest has stretched across southern iraq s shiite heartland up to baghdad , where a ban on pedestrian and vehicle traffic was kept in place just hours before it was due to expire sunday morning ."
"u . s . warplanes and british artillery struck targets in basra on saturday , a british spokesman said ."
"another basra airstrike killed criminal fighters , and a joint u . s . iraqi patrol killed more fighters in southeastern baghdad s suwayrah district , u . s . commanders reported ."
"prime minister nuri al maliki compared the outlaws to al qaeda and vowed not to leave basra , where he is personally leading the operation , until security is restored ."
"we will continue to stand up to these gangs in every inch of iraq , he said ."
al maliki has given the militants until april surrender their arms to a guns for cash program that was scheduled to end at midnight friday .
"supporters of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , whose mehdi army militia has borne the brunt of the fighting , say they have been unfairly singled out by the crackdown ."
"al sadr s political party holds seats in iraq s parliament and once held seats in al maliki s cabinet , quitting last year after the prime minister refused to set a deadline for u . s . and coalition troops to leave ."
"wellington , florida cnn the owner of a wildlife sanctuary was attacked by two cheetahs saturday and hospitalized with about puncture wounds to her extremities and back , authorities said ."
"berens owns and operates panther ridge conservation center , which provides homes for exotic cats , authorities said ."
the cheetah moved toward the ball quickly and knocked her to the ground .
"the cheetah then pounced on her and began biting and clawing her , said gabriella ferraro , florida fish and wildlife conservation commission spokeswoman ."
"at some point the other cheetah attacked her as well , ferraro said ."
ferraro said the cheetahs remain on the property in cages .
new york cnn there s never been a better time to be a bargain hunter .
here are some tips and strategies to help you get the best price .
"first , try your hand at haggling ."
"a consumer reports survey released in november indicates that more than percent of people who haggled over furniture , electronics and appliances , floor and demonstration models scored a lower price on at least one purchase during the past three years ."
"and the weaker the economy , the stronger your bargaining power ."
"retailers are doing whatever they can to bring consumers in , said robert spector , a retail historian and author of the forthcoming book the mom pop store ."
"where will you get the most out of your haggling ? big ticket items , says tod marks of consumer reports , a nonprofit consumer product rating company ."
"any product with a large product margin is ripe for haggling , he said ."
"that includes furniture , mattresses and jewelry ."
expensive computers or tvs are another area where consumers may have some wiggle room .
and where you haggle makes a difference .
"the longer merchandise lies around , the better chances you have of getting a deal ."
the retailer doesn t want to take up that precious store space for products that aren t selling .
"even if you don t think you ll get a deal , it can t hurt to take a chance ."
to improve your chances of getting the price you want
keep the conversation polite .
don t go into a store demanding to negotiate .
ask the retailer to work with you .
do your homework . check the price at other stores .
"if you find something that s cheaper , print out the ad or find a flyer and bring it with you ."
"inspect the product to see whether there are any flaws , like a missing button or a scratch ."
talk to the person who has the power to bargain with you .
"if you don t think you re getting anywhere with a sales associate , ask for the store manager or a supervisor ."
offer to pay in cash as an incentive .
"if you use a credit card , the credit company will charge a transaction fee to the retailer that s between and percent ."
paying in cash is more attractive to the merchant .
beijing has tightened security ahead of the olympic torch s arrival after demonstrations by protesters during its passage through greece .
greek officials handed over the olympic flame to organizers of the beijing games in athens amid small protests by a pro tibetan group .
protesters at the marble panathenian stadium chanted save tibet and unfurled a banner that read stop genocide in tibet .
"twenty one demonstrators were detained seven indians , a nepalese and greeks and were all to be released without charge , police said ."
"the torch was expected to arrive in beijing early monday aboard an air china flight , allowing the government a brief respite before the relay sets off on a problematic , month long world tour ."
"authorities have given few details about a torch ceremony monday at in tiananmen square , the heart of china s capital ."
"the flame goes tuesday to almaty , kazakhstan at the start of the country , , kilometer , mile global journey with protests expected in several major cities ."
"the grandiose relay is the longest in olympic history and has the most torchbearers a sign of the vast attention lavished on the games by china s government , which hopes to use it to showcase china s rising economic and political power ."
"cnn from krill to king crabs , the collapse of a portion of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica could mean many changes for wildlife at the bottom of the world ."
most inhabitants of our planet will never get a firsthand look at a polar bear at the north pole or a penguin at the south .
but polar scientists already see changes in plants and animals from rapidly warming temperatures .
"because of their extreme environments , they tend to be highly sensitive to temperature changes , said marine biologist james mcclintock of the university of alabama at birmingham ."
"therefore , what we see happening in the poles should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere , said mcclintock , who studies the physiology and ecology of aquatic and marine invertebrates in antarctica ."
"according to the u . s . national snow and ice data center , in the past years , the western antarctic peninsula has undergone the biggest temperature increase on earth"
"although krill may never be as majestic as whales or as adorable as penguins , these small shrimp like crustaceans in the waters of the antarctic are crucial to the region s ecology ."
and they might be among the first in the animal kingdom to have to adapt to warming temperatures .
scientists already are observing declines in polar krill populations that could be tied to a decrease in annual winter sea ice .
"as babies , krill live under the sea ice and graze on microalgae . with a decline in sea ice , there is less habitat for young krill , mcclintock said ."
another warming ocean event that scientists are studying closely is the migration of king crabs .
"marine remotely operated vehicles have captured photos of these giant crabs on the antarctic slope , where underwater land starts to rise up to the southernmost continent ."
it s the first time in tens of millions of years that these predators have appeared that close to antarctica .
"crabs and other marine invertebrates die when the water is too cold , because they cannot flush magnesium out of their systems ."
but even slightly warmer seawater allows the animal to regulate that element .
"mcclintock says that if these new predators keep moving , they could wipe out other antarctic species . snails , brittle stars , sea spiders and some marine worms have evolved without armor and other protections they would need to survive alongside the king crab ."
sen . john mccain this week begins a bus tour of five states that he says helped shape his views and make him the politician who will carry the gop torch in the upcoming presidential election .
"the presumptive republican nominee heads to mississippi on sunday , where the tour kicks off the following day ."
"mccain will swing through virginia , maryland , florida and arizona in the upcoming week ."
"according to campaign officials , the purpose of the tour is to introduce john mccain to the american people in an intimate way , and add significance to his remarkable american tale ."
"mccain is now trying to style himself as the most attractive option for voters in november , while democratic rivals hillary clinton and barack obama are still in a delegate by delegate battle to become their party s nominee ."
"clinton this weekend shot down calls by obama backers to drop out of the race , and obama said clinton should remain in race as long as she wants ."
"obama leads clinton in total delegates , to , , but it s likely neither candidate will get the necessary , delegates needed to clinch the nomination before the democratic national convention in august ."
"christopher dodd and patrick leahy , said friday that clinton should rethink her chances of overcoming that deficit and consider folding her campaign ."
"leahy , of vermont , said clinton has every right , but not a very good reason , to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to ."
"speaking in johnstown , pennsylvania , obama said he did not discuss leahy s call for clinton to drop out with the vermont senator , who serves as chairman of the senate judiciary committee ."
"my attitude is that senator clinton can run as long as she wants , the illinois senator said ."
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea threatened south korea with destruction sunday after seoul s top military officer said he would consider attacking the communist nation if it tried to carry out a nuclear attack ."
"the statement from north korea s official news agency marked the third straight day of bellicose rhetoric from the north , which is angry over the harsher line the south s new president has taken against the country since assuming office last month ."
"everything will be in ashes , not just a sea of fire , if our advanced pre emptive strike once begins ."
"on friday , north korea test fired a barrage of missiles into the sea and warned it would mercilessly wipe out any south korean warships that violate its waters near their disputed sea border ."
"such rhetoric by north korea at times of increased tensions is not rare , and it comes just two days before a scheduled visit to south korea by the chief u . s . negotiator in north korean nuclear disarmament talks ."
sunday s statement also warned that the north would suspend all scheduled inter korean dialogue unless seoul retracts and apologizes for the remark by its new top military leader .
"kim tae young , chairman of the south s joint chiefs of staff , told a parliamentary hearing wednesday that the military would strike a suspected north korean nuclear weapons site if pyongyang attempts to attack the south with atomic bombs ."
"his office later said he was talking about a general military principle dealing with outside threats , not about launching an unprovoked pre emptive attack on the north ."
south korea s defense ministry said sunday that it would decide whether to send a response to the north over its demand for a retraction in a few days .
"sen . hillary clinton on saturday rejected calls by supporters of rival candidate barack obama to quit the democratic presidential race , and obama said clinton should remain in race as long as she wants ."
"the more people get a chance to vote , the better it is for our democracy , the new york senator and former first lady told supporters at a rally in indiana , which holds a may primary ."
i thought we of all people knew how important it was to give everyone a chance to have their voices heard and their votes counted .
"clinton has won primaries in the biggest states so far , but obama has won more total contests and leads her in the race for delegates to the party s august convention in denver where the democratic nominee will be formally ratified ."
"two of obama s leading supporters , sens ."
"christopher dodd and patrick leahy , said friday that clinton should rethink her chances of overcoming that deficit and consider folding her campaign ."
"leahy , of vermont , said clinton has every right , but not a very good reason , to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to ."
"speaking in johnstown , pennsylvania , obama said he did not discuss leahy s call for clinton to drop out with the vermont senator , who serves as chairman of the senate judiciary committee ."
"my attitude is that sen . clinton can run as long as she wants , the illinois senator said ."
"london , england cnn a small plane crashed into several homes in a neighborhood outside london sunday afternoon , killing all five on board , scotland yard reported ."
"the private aircraft , with a two person crew and three passengers on board , apparently hit the roof of a residential building in the town of farnborough , about km miles southeast of london ."
"one house was destroyed and part of a neighboring property was damaged , said the london fire brigade , which sent eight fire engines and firefighters to battle the blaze ."
"the homeowners of the destroyed residence were away on vacation , neighbors said ."
"britain s air accident investigation unit has been informed of the crash , she said ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the statement was accompanied by demands that the iraqi government issue a general amnesty to his followers and release any being held . the statement was distributed across iraq and posted on the internet .
"prime minister nuri al maliki , who had vowed not to leave basra until his government reclaimed control of the city , called al sadr s statement a step in the right direction and said he hoped it would help to stabilize the region ."
witnesses reported continued clashes throughout the day in basra even after sunday s announcements . but iraqi authorities said after al sadr s announcement they would lift an indefinite curfew that had been imposed on baghdad since thursday .
"the curfew is scheduled to be lifted a . m . monday p . m . sunday et , said gen . qassim atta , an iraqi military spokesman ."
"life will return to all of iraq as before , he said ."
we as the government of iraq believe this effort will be in the common interest and help the security efforts that the government is working to achieve .
"the fighting has been heaviest in basra , iraq s second largest city and major oil port , and a u . s . military analysis of the battle indicated the government push was not going as well as american officials had hoped , several u . s . officials said friday ."
"but hayden and sen . lindsey graham , r south carolina , said the iraqis did not consult them before launching their offensive ."
"graham said the militia fighters that iraqi troops are battling are backed by iran , which he said was killing americans by arming the militias ."
al sadr s political movement holds seats in iraq s member parliament and was once a partner in al maliki s ruling coalition . the party quit the government in after al maliki refused to demand a deadline for the withdrawal of u . s . troops .
"u . s . airstrikes killed at least people in baghdad neighborhoods known to be mehdi army strongholds sunday morning , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"a pair of high profile backers of sen . barack obama have called on his rival , sen . hillary clinton , to drop out of the race for the democratic nomination for president ."
"sen . patrick leahy , d vermont , issued the most unvarnished statement friday , saying clinton has every right , but not a very good reason , to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to ."
"sen . chris dodd of connecticut , who sought the democratic nomination for president himself but threw his support behind obama after dropping out of the race in january , expressed a similar sentiment thursday ."
"but if you have enough people rallying behind what appears to be the likely choice , and i believe the choice is barack obama . . . then i think you have to step up to the plate and say , enough is enough . we want this to be over with ."
"larry sabato , a professor of politics at the university of virginia , said the obama campaign was probably behind the remarks . those things don t just happen , he said ."
"they must have gotten some encouragement from the obama hierarchy . senators like leahy and dodd can occasionally pop off , but not in a situation like this ."
"obama has , delegates to clinton s , , according to the latest cnn estimate ."
cnn efraim diveroli s father hoped his son would become a doctor or lawyer .
what he got instead is a year old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old chinese ammunition to the u . s . military to equip allies in afghanistan .
"the papers also reveal the company struck it big in with contracts totaling more than million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police ."
the company s contract said it would get the ammunition from hungary .
but army investigators found what the afghan military got included corroded ammunition made in china as long as years ago .
"the new york times reported thursday that aey shopped stockpiles and ammo dumps in old soviet bloc allies , from albania to kazakhstan . albania was a big customer for chinese armaments in the s and s , the times reported ."
"but in a hint of where the then year old s future was heading , he wrote , i definately sic have the desire to be very successful in my business and this does take up alot sic of my time ."
"for now , relatives say efraim diveroli is out of the country ."
cnn attempts to contact him have not been successful .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea fired short range missiles off its western coast friday , a south korean defense source said , according to south korea s yonhap news agency ."
the south korean defense ministry and joint chiefs of staff told cnn they are trying to confirm reports of the missile launches .
south korea s presidential office dismissed reports of the missile launches as part of ordinary military training by the communist state .
"the government regards north korea s missile firing as merely a part of its ordinary military training , presidential spokesman lee dong kwan told yonhap ."
the reported firings came a day after the seoul government pulled of its diplomats from an industrial park the two countries operate in north korea .
their departure followed comments made last week by south korean unification minister kim ha joong .
he said it would be hard to expand the industrial complex without north korean progress on denuclearization .
"north korea cited the minister s remarks as a reason for demanding that the south korean diplomats leave , yonhap"
"santa monica , california cnn tracey ullman prefers pathetic ."
i don t want to be the pretty girl .
"you know , i ve always wanted to be the ugly stepsister or the person with the problem ."
"styled as a day in the life of america , state of the union takes ullman from coast to coast in a flurry of fast flying impersonations ."
"ullman produced the five episode series with her husband , allan mckeown ."
"the show s title gives me an excuse to take the nation s pulse , says the british born actress , who became a u . s . citizen in after living here more than two decades ."
"on the state of the union premiere p . m . edt sunday , ullman s cast of characters includes a weary illegal immigrant worker in manhattan , a tractor riding farmer s wife in north carolina , speaker of the house nancy pelosi , political pundit arianna huffington , former sopranos star tony sirico , soccer superstar david beckham and lindsay lohan s mom ."
"upcoming episodes include ullman s takes on helen mirren , cameron diaz , renee zellweger , and , in a send up of angelina jolie s philanthropic efforts , a superstar from malawi who comes to the u . s . to adopt american kids ."
"but ullman has a special fondness for a character named gretchen pincus , a tacky , teary eyed , low rent lady who meets her convict husbands on the web site deathrowpenpals . com ."
"to go full gretchen , ullman decided to smoke during production after years of abstinence ."
"to wear cheap clothes , put in some horrible front teeth with a big gap , smoke cigarettes and , like , just sob that s heaven on a stick for me , ullman says ."
"the long awaited opening of a multi billion dollar new terminal at london s heathrow airport suffered a major setback thursday when a high tech baggage handling system malfunctioned , causing major delays amid flight cancellations ."
cnn s richard quest said passengers with baggage were no longer being checked in as the airport s terminal should have been entering one of the busiest periods of the day .
"i understand that the entire baggage system has failed and they ve stopped checking in passengers with baggage , quest said ."
"heathrow s new terminal , which cost . billion and was two decades in the making , boasts sophisticated luggage system designed to handle , bags an hour ."
"british airways , the only airline using the terminal , confirmed that passengers could now only check in with hand luggage ."
we sincerely apologize to those customers who have suffered disrupted journeys or baggage delays . we always knew the first day would represent a unique challenge .
initial glitches in the baggage handling led to the cancellation of at least flights on thursday .
"it s almost open , jeff bryan joked after he and his wife spent minutes waiting for their luggage after an overnight british airways flight from miami to heathrow . we didn t mind because we re not in a rush , but a lot of people were , he told the associated press ."
"later a flash mob protest , involving several hundred demonstrators opposed to airport expansion , took place at t . cnn s richard quest , describing the protest , said the day had started out well for baa but was turning into a shambles ."
the protesters stripped off their outer clothes at a . m . to show red t shirts emblazoned with the slogan stop airport expansion .
"made up of local residents and environmental groups , the demonstrators are concerned that a third runway and a sixth terminal will be created at heathrow , the world s busiest international airport ."
washington cnn the national transportation safety board said thursday that it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a boeing while it was in flight last week .
"the incident occurred saturday on us airways flight from orlando , florida , to philadelphia , pennsylvania , the ntsb said in a statement . the separation occurred over maryland ."
"the aircraft landed in philadelphia about minutes later , and none of the passengers or six crew members aboard was injured ."
"the panel , on the trailing edge of the upper side of the left wing , broke loose and struck several windows toward the rear of the aircraft , causing the outer pane of one window to crack , the agency said ."
"ntsb investigators are using a computer program to pinpoint the area where it might be and will notify local authorities that an aircraft part may be there , the statement said ."
"the plane s cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder have arrived at the ntsb laboratory in washington , the agency said , and are being evaluated ."
"a company accused of supplying corroded and decades old chinese ammunition to the afghan army and police has been suspended by the u . s . government for violating its contract , according to u . s . army documents obtained by cnn ."
"miami beach , florida based aey inc . is under criminal investigation by the government for allegedly misrepresenting what the company was providing the afghan security forces ."
"under the contract , aey said it would supply ammunition manufactured in hungary ."
"but an investigation by the army found most of the bullets were made in china , a violation of the contract , according to the documents ."
"u . s . regulations bar companies from purchasing weapons or ammunition from a chinese military company directly or indirectly , according to u . s . military officials ."
"u . s . government investigators also took numerous photographs of the ammunition showing that it was improperly packaged and corroding , according to the documents ."
"on wednesday , a letter from the department of the army to aey s president , efraim diveroli , informed him that his company is suspended from contracting with the u . s . government until the investigation is complete ."
the army documents show that since the company entered agreements with the u . s . government that totaled about million .
"the company won contracts totaling more than million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police ."
"los angeles , california cnn the truth about the x files sequel some of it , anyway is now out there ."
"x files creator chris carter , writer frank spotnitz and other crew members gathered wednesday to discuss the tv series and declassify some information about the upcoming film ."
"the popular fox paranormal drama , which aired from to , starred david duchovny and gillian anderson as fbi agents fox mulder and dana scully"
"it s true to mulder and scully , who they are and where they would be this point in their lives and all of the experiences that they ve had ."
the series first made the leap to the big screen with s the x files
fight the future .
plans for another film were grounded in when carter sued fox over syndication profits for the show . the lawsuit was later settled .
"carter , who also directs the new movie , said it takes place in the present and uses a story envisioned when the series ended ."
"while the show s sprawling alien mythology isn t part of the plot , carter said there is a reference to scully s seemingly supernatural son , william , who was born in season eight and later given up for adoption ."
the film is due out july .
carter was tightlipped about the title .
"i can t tell you , he said . i know what i want it to be , but fox has some ideas of their own ."
"bickering between sens . hillary clinton and barack obama could affect democratic turnout in the general election , suggests a poll released thursday ."
sixteen percent of clinton supporters questioned in a cnn opinion research corporation survey said they are not likely to vote in the general election if obama is the democratic nominee .
an equal number of obama supporters said they ll sit it out come november if clinton is their party s nominee .
"the problem for the democratic party in november may not be crossover votes clinton supporters choosing sen . john mccain in the fall if obama wins the nomination or obama voters doing likewise if clinton gets the nod , cnn polling director keating holland said ."
"the real problem may be that those disaffected clinton or obama supporters may just stay at home in november , which could cost the party dearly in some key states ."
"if the obama stay at home vote is largely african american , that will affect democrats chances on the ballot in several southern states and could take states like virginia off the table completely , holland said . it might even hurt democrats in states where the party relies on heavy turnout in large urban areas , such as pennsylvania and ohio ."
"and if the clinton stay at home vote is predominantly female , that will hurt the party everywhere , he added ."
but polls are just snapshots of how people feel at the moment .
"if the democrats can come together and agree on a nominee , most of the ill will could be just a memory by november ."
"the cnn opinion research corporation poll was conducted by telephone from friday through sunday , with , americans questioned , including registered democrats who said they support clinton and registered democrats who said they back obama ."
"tacoma , washington cnn at a time when she really needed a miracle , annamarie ausnes found one in an unusual place ."
"last fall , ausnes , , was one of nearly , americans in need of a kidney ."
"today , she is recovering from a successful kidney transplant thanks to her local starbucks barista ."
sandra andersen only knew ausnes as her upbeat morning customer who always ordered a short cup of coffee .
"when both of her kidneys began failing , she was placed on a kidney transplant waiting list ."
"i was kinda losing a little hope , said ausnes ."
for god to please send me an angel .
andersen recalls one particular morning last october when her customer s normally cheerful demeanor had changed .
"i could tell that she just wasn t feeling real well , said andersen ."
"her kidneys were failing rapidly and no one in her family was a match . without hesitation , andersen said she would test for her ."
even more so because andersen didn t even know ausnes name . andersen can t explain it either .
"i knew i had to find out as much info as possible , recalls andersen ."
"after getting her blood tested , she signed a release to become an organ donor and began an interview process to move forward ."
then the day came when she was able to break the good news to ausnes .
"on march , andersen and ausnes underwent a kidney transplant at virginia mason hospital in seattle , washington . the surgery was successful ."
andersen says her kidney started working faster in ausnes than the hospital expected .
we re just excited to get together for lunch sometime soon !
"defense secretary robert gates has formally ordered the air force , navy and defense logistics agency to conduct an inventory of all u . s . nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon related materials to make sure all items are accounted for , according to a pentagon memo released thursday ."
the order comes in the wake of the discovery last week that four nuclear warhead fuses were accidentally shipped to taiwan in .
pentagon officials said at a news conference tuesday that gates would call for the review in addition to a full investigation into how the shipment to taiwan from a defense logistics agency warehouse happened months ago .
"the inventory review , which will involve thousands of items , is due to gates in days ."
"pentagon officials said the request was ordered , in part , because this latest incident comes after the august accidental flight of six nuclear tipped cruise missiles on a b bomber across the country . four officers"
"including three colonels were relieved of duty last year after a b bomber mistakenly carried six nuclear warheads from north dakota to louisiana , the air force said ."
"a six week investigation uncovered a lackadaisical attention to detail in day to day operations at the bases involved in the incident , an air force report said ."
"the curfew , which took effect at p . m . thursday p . m . et , bans pedestrian , motorcycle and vehicle traffic through p . m . sunday , said gen . qassim atta , an iraqi military spokesman ."
sixteen rockets were fired wednesday and on tuesday .
u . s . embassy workers in iraq were told to remain in secure buildings and wear protective clothing as rockets continued to rain down on baghdad s international zone .
"also called the green zone , the international zone is a heavily fortified central baghdad district housing the u . s . embassy and iraqi government offices ."
"a senior u . s . official says the insurgents may have had recent training allowing them to conduct more precise targeting of the rockets , believed to be made in iran ."
"meanwhile , the name of the u . s . government official killed in the attacks thursday has not been released , an embassy spokesman said ."
"another u . s . employee , paul converse , died wednesday from wounds he sustained sunday , officials said ."
"and a u . s . soldier was killed by a roadside bomb in eastern baghdad on thursday , the u . s . military reported ."
"iraq s parliament called a special session for friday to address the crisis caused by three days of fighting between government troops and shiite fighters . meanwhile , shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for an end to attacks on his followers ."
fighting between iraqi government troops and what officials call rogue or outlaw members of shiite militias has spread through southern iraq s shiite heartland to baghdad since the launch of a government crackdown in basra on tuesday .
three days of fighting have left more than iraqis dead .
"casualty figures from basra weren t available thursday , but the number of deaths is expected to rise from the to reported wednesday ."
the fighting threatens to unravel a seven month cease fire by al sadr s mehdi army .
"al sadr issued a statement thursday urging all groups to adopt a political situation and peaceful protest and to stop shedding the iraqi blood , according to a senior member of his movement ."
"prime minister nuri al maliki , who has been overseeing the operation in southern iraq , has ordered militants to surrender their weapons by saturday ."
hillary clinton and barack obama on thursday laid out their proposals to reinvigorate the economy as they attacked sen . john mccain s plan as ineffective .
clinton said mccain s plan does virtually nothing to ease the credit crisis or the housing crisis .
"he d rather ignore the credit crisis and the mortgage crisis or blame middle class families instead of offering solutions on their behalf , clinton said during campaigning in raleigh , north carolina ."
"speaking from new york , obama said thursday the united states must address the immediate crisis in the housing market in order to recharge the economy ."
"while this is consistent with sen . mccain s determination to run for george bush s third term , it won t help families who are suffering , and it won t help lift our economy out of recession , obama said ."
"mccain , the presumptive republican nominee , outlined his plan to address the housing situation earlier this week ."
"his campaign released a statement thursday calling the housing crisis a complex problem that deserves a careful , balanced approach that helps the homeowners in trouble , not big banks and speculators that acted irresponsibly ."
obama said the government should play a role in improving americans well being by providing stable macroeconomic and financial conditions for sustained growth by demanding transparency and by ensuring fair competition in the marketplace .
"he called for immediate relief for those affected by the housing crisis , revamping the regulatory framework and boosting the economy with an additional billion stimulus package ."
"beijing invited about two dozen international journalists to tour tibet s capital , lhasa , to show them the city is calm after recent anti china protests ."
but the protest by about monks at the sacred jokhang temple showed that lhasa is anything but calm .
"yelled one young buddhist monk , according to the associated press , one of the news organizations allowed on the tour ."
"other news organizations allowed on china s tour of tibet included the wall street journal , usa today and the financial times ."
"in its reporting of the temple incident , china s official news agency , xinhua , said the monks stormed into a briefing by a temple administrator to cause chaos ."
chinese officials closed off the temple after the monks protest .
"as for the pictures of the president s bride in her birthday suit , predictably recycled by the british tabloids , members of the public i encountered were universally on carla s side ."
typical media they sniffed .
"that was then , this is now . good luck to her ."
at times the visit has been almost a case of the president came too .
"it reminded me of when president john f . kennedy , on tour in europe at the time first lady jackie kennedy was an international fashion icon , thanked his hosts in one city for allowing me to accompany my wife here ."
"but monsieur sarkozy , determined to bury the image of the president bling bling in shades and chunky watches amid the pomp and pageantry the british do so well , scored his own success too with a fiery speech to lawmakers calling not just for entente cordiale but for a new fraternite or brotherhood between the two nations ."
his passionate oration earned him a genuine standing ovation from the hard boiled parliamentarians .
"seoul , south korea cnn eleven south korean diplomats left an industrial park their country runs with north korea on thursday after north korea demanded their withdrawal , a spokesman for south korea s government said ."
their departure follows comments made last week by south korean unification minister kim ha joong .
"north korea cited the minister s remarks as a reason for demanding that the south korean diplomats leave , south korea s yonhap news agency reported ."
"the diplomats left around a . m . thursday , said kim ho nyeon , spokesman for the south korean unification ministry ."
"five south korean civilian employees continue to work at the kaesong office , the ministry said ."
"we express deep concern over the north s unilateral demand , kim said . all responsibility resulting from the measure lies with the north korean side ."
the kaesong industrial park is a potent sign of reconciliation efforts between the two koreas .
"it hosts about south korean manufacturers and employs nearly , north koreans , according to yonhap ."
the two countries agreed last year to expand the complex .
japanese scientists and origami masters hope to launch a paper airplane from space and learn from its journey back to earth .
a prototype passed a durability test in a wind tunnel this month and japan s space agency adopted it wednesday for feasibility studies .
"in a test outside tokyo in early february , a prototype about . inches long and inches wide survived mach speeds and broiling temperatures up to degrees fahrenheit in a hypersonic wind tunnel ."
david beckham s th cap ended in disappointment as france beat england in their friendly international at the stade de france on wednesday .
beckham was substituted just after the hour mark by which time the home side had taken a firm hold and led through franck ribery s penalty after minutes .
"straight from when i started playing for england i never dreamed i d get caps , and hopefully beyond ."
beckham s replacement david bentley of blackburn also failed to make an impression as england labored to their first defeat under new coach fabio capello .
he dashed out rashly to haul down nicolas anelka with ribery easily beating the portsmouth man from the resulting spot kick .
we played against a top level team and i think we did well .
"the rev . jeremiah wright , sen . barack obama s controversial former pastor , has canceled his plans to speak at church services in houston , texas , this weekend in the wake of the recent uproar over portions of his past sermons ."
the clips in question include several racially charged statements and accusations the u . s . government has adopted policies to systematically oppress african americans .
wright was scheduled to speak at three services sunday at houston s wheeler avenue baptist church .
"but the rev . marcus cosby , the church s pastor , said wright decided to cancel the appearances amid safety concerns ."
"he canceled for largely personal reasons , cosby said , adding that recent uproar has led to threats against wright , his family and his church the trinity united church of christ in chicago ."
"the church , cosby said , had planned to take extra security precautions for wright s services this weekend , but said the decision to cancel the appearances was wright s entirely ."
cosby said his church had not received any threats directly ahead of wright s scheduled appearances .
"cosby said wednesday that wright s remarks have been largely taken out of context because the media has only aired snippets of the sermons , without the beginning or the end ."
"i think given all we have heard and seen , he would not have been my pastor , clinton said at a news conference in greensburg , pennsylvania ."
a southern california mcdonald s restaurants official says egg mcmuffin inventor herb peterson has died in santa barbara at age .
"monte fraker , vice president of operations for mcdonald s restaurants in santa barbara , said peterson died peacefully at his home tuesday ."
peterson came up with idea for the signature mcdonald s breakfast item in .
"he began his career with mcdonald s as vice president of the company s advertising firm , d arcy advertising , in chicago ."
"he wrote mcdonald s first national advertising slogan , where quality starts fresh every day , and eventually became a franchisee ."
"san francisco , california cnn after nearly years of marriage , robin williams and his wife are getting divorced ."
"marsha garces williams filed a petition for dissolution of marriage on march in san francisco superior court , citing irreconcilable differences ."
"the two met when garces williams worked as a nanny for williams son zachary , whom he had with his previous wife , valerie valardi ."
"robin and garces williams also have two children together , zelda and cody ."
"williams , , won an academy award for his role in the film good will hunting ."
"he also starred in the s sitcom mork mindy , and has acted in a number of movies including dead poets society and patch adams ."
"williams agent mara buxbaum confirmed that the couple is splitting , but had no further comment ."
"new york cnn having a big belly in your s can boost your risk of getting alzheimer s disease or other dementia decades later , a new study suggests ."
it s not just about your weight .
"while previous research has found evidence that obesity in middle age raises the chances of developing dementia later , the new work found a separate risk from storing a lot of fat in the abdomen ."
"that abdominal fat , sometimes described as making people apple shaped rather than pear shaped , has already been linked to higher risk of developing diabetes , stroke and heart disease ."
"now we can add dementia to that , said study author rachel whitmer of the kaiser permanente division of research in oakland , california ."
she and others report the findings in wednesday s online issue of the journal neurology .
"the study involved , men and women who were ages to when they had checkups between and ."
"as part of the exam , their belly size was measured by using a caliper to find the distance between their backs and the surface of their upper abdomens ."
"for the study , a distance of about inches or more was considered high ."
the researchers checked medical records to see who had developed alzheimer s or another form of dementia by an average of years later .
at that point the participants were ages to .
analysis found that compared with people in the study with normal body weight and a low belly measurement
participants with normal body weight and high belly measurements were percent more likely to have dementia .
"overweight people were percent more likely if they had a low belly measurement , but more than twice as likely if they had a high belly measurement ."
"obese people were percent more likely if they had a low belly measurement , but more than three times as likely if they had a high measurement ."
"whitmer said there s no precise way to translate belly measurements into waist circumference . but most people have a sense of whether they have a big belly , she said . and if they do , the new study suggests they should get rid of it , she said ."
"dr . jose luchsinger of the columbia university medical center in new york , who studies the connection between obesity and alzheimer s disease but didn t participate in the new work , cautioned that such a study cannot prove abdominal fat promotes dementia ."
"dr . samuel gandy , who chairs the medical and scientific advisory council of the alzheimer s association , said the results fit in with previous work that indicates a person s characteristics in middle age can affect the risk of dementia in later life ."
"washington cnn two u . s . air force f s escorted two russian bear long range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of alaska , u . s . military officials said wednesday ."
u . s . radar picked up the russian turbo prop tupolev planes about miles off the alaska coast .
"the u . s . fighters from elmendorf air force base were dispatched to meet the bombers and escorted them out of the area without incident , the officials said ."
"the united states maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that don t file flight plans inside that area ."
the last case of russian aircraft approaching the u . s . coastline or ships in the pacific was in february .
"then , four bear bombers flew near the aircraft carrier uss nimitz , with one of them flying about , feet from the nimitz s deck ."
russia s defense ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident .
a ministry official described the flights as standard operating procedure for air force training .
"meanwhile , u . s . military officials say the incidents are not a concern . they say it s the russian military flexing its ability and presence ."
"washington cnn president bush called chinese president hu jintao wednesday to express his concern about china s crackdown on protesters in tibet , the white house said ."
"bush also encouraged the chinese government to engage in substantive dialogue with the dalai lama s representatives and to allow access for journalists and diplomats , the statement said ."
protesters say about of their number have died in the past several weeks during the longest running uprisings in tibet against chinese rule in years .
the protests have brought a spotlight to china s spotty human rights record and embarrassed its communist leaders in the weeks before the olympic games in beijing .
chinese authorities have issued a much lower death toll and said most of those killed were innocent victims han chinese targeted by tibetans .
"the u . s . will not boycott the olympics , the white house has said , maintaining the games are about athletics , not politics ."
the protests have been timed to coincide with the run up to the summer olympic games in beijing in august .
french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday he was leaving open the possibility he may skip the opening ceremonies because of the protests .
"bush and hu also discussed issues including taiwan north korea s denuclearization and burma , the white house statement said ."
"bush also told hu a mistake was made in shipping nuclear missile fuses to taiwan , the associated press reported ."
national security adviser stephen hadley said the president broached the subject only briefly during the call .
"the u . s . military delivered to taiwan electrical fuses for an intercontinental ballistic missile , raising concerns about relations between the u . s . and china ."
french president nicolas sarkozy has started his first official visit to the uk the day after it was reported that an auction house is to sell nude pictures of his new wife .
"sarkozy and his wife , the former supermodel carla bruni sarkozy , were greeted by the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall after the presidential plane landed at london s heathrow airport wednesday morning ."
"the french couple then traveled to windsor , outside london , where they were greeted by queen elizabeth and the duke of edinburgh before being taken to the castle in a state carriage procession ."
"the french president s schedule included a full state banquet at windsor castle on wednesday night , where he is staying as the guest of the queen ."
"in the speech to lawmakers , sarkozy said his government is willing to commit more troops to the war in afghanistan , calling the fight there crucial to the nato alliance ."
"we cannot afford to see the taliban and al qaeda returning to kabul . whatever the cost , however difficult the victory , we cannot afford it . we must win ."
"sarkozy did not provide details of any additional deployment , which he said would depend on nato s support for a broader development strategy for afghanistan ."
"away from the politics , sarkozy s wife was attracting as much , if not more , attention than her husband during the two day visit ."
"auction house christie s is to sell photographs of former model bruni sarkozy , taken by michel comte in , in new york next month , the associated press reported tuesday ."
"agra , india cnn a two year old girl was rescued wednesday after spending hours trapped inside a narrow well outside the indian capital of new delhi ."
"video footage from the scene showed a man emerge carrying the girl , named vandana ."
"she fell feet into the uncovered well while playing tuesday night in a village near agra , a northern indian city outside new delhi ."
"the girl was taken by ambulance to a hospital to be checked out , according to district magistrate mukesh kumar meshram ."
"the girl is normal , according to the doctors , and there is a possibility she is suffering from dehydration , meshram said ."
"her mother was kept away from the well because of rescuers feared she would become emotional and upset the child , but her father was constantly talking to her to keep her conscious , authorities said ."
"in to help , and rescuers dug a parallel well to tunnel into where vandana was trapped ."
"officials said the girl frequently asked for fruits and sweets , which was sent to her with the help of a rope ."
"oxygen was also pumped inside the well through tubes to prevent any suffocation , cnn ibn reported ."
it was the sixth time a child had fallen into an open pit or uncovered well in india over the past two years .
"on january , rescuers successfully retrieved a six year old boy from a foot well in the southern indian state of karnataka ."
"president bush plans to visit russian president vladimir putin in the russian coastal town of sochi next month at putin s invitation , national security adviser stephen hadley told reporters wednesday ."
"bush intends to visit sochi after a stop in croatia on april , hadley said ."
"this is an opportunity for the two leaders to meet , assess what progress has been made and see whether we can come together with a framework that can . . . consolidate areas where we re cooperating together , maybe resolve some outstanding issues such as missile defense , and provide a platform for the relationship of the two countries going forward , hadley said ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice and defense secretary robert gates went to moscow , russia"
", earlier this month to meet with putin , he noted , and progress was made ."
"a russian delegation was also visiting washington on wednesday , he said ."
"in the moscow meetings , the united states attempted to allay russian fears about america s plans to install interceptor missiles in eastern europe ."
"the bush administration said the defense system , components of which are to be set up in poland and the czech republic , is designed to defend against attacks from rogue states , not from russia ."
"in addition , america said the system would not be made operational unless iran test fires a missile that could threaten europe ."
"putin , who becomes prime minister this spring , proposed during a july visit with bush in maine , that the missile defense system be based in countries more friendly to russia , such as azerbaijan or even iraq ."
the united states has offered to give russian monitors access to the missile sites and to negotiate limits to the system over time .
"karachi , pakistan cnn a man with suspected links to a suicide bombing that killed people at a rally last year for pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto was ordered freed from custody wednesday for lack of evidence , an investigator said ."
"qari saifullah akhtar was arrested in lahore last month , and was transferred to police in karachi for questioning in connection with the october attack ."
"on wednesday , a court ordered akhtar freed because authorities had insufficient evidence to continue holding him , said police investigator nawaz ranjha ."
ranjha said police were still collecting evidence and could arrest akhtar again in the future .
bhutto named akhtar as a suspect in the karachi bombing .
"akhtar s lawyer has said his client denies any involvement and has sought to halt sale of bhutto s book , titled reconciliation"
"islam , democracy and the west ."
"meanwhile , police in the eastern city of lahore said another bombing suspect died wednesday in custody there ."
"the man , identified as mohammed afzal , allegedly had purchased the truck used in a march suicide bombing at a federal building in lahore , a police statement said ."
the bombing killed people .
"afzal s cause of death could not be determined , and an autopsy would be conducted , the statement said ."
"for the second time in three days , sen . hillary clinton told reporters that the pledged delegates awarded based on vote totals in their state are not bound to abide by election results ."
it s an idea that has been floated by her or a campaign surrogate nearly half a dozen times this month .
"sen . barack obama leads clinton among all democratic delegates , , to , , in the latest cnn count ."
"every delegate with very few exceptions is free to make up his or her mind however they choose , clinton told time s mark halperin in an interview published wednesday ."
"we talk a lot about so called pledged delegates , but every delegate is expected to exercise independent judgment , she said ."
clinton s remarks echoed her monday comments to the editorial board of the philadelphia daily news .
clinton also made similar comments in a newsweek interview published two weeks ago .
some states require their delegates to support the candidate they are pledged to but most do not .
"earlier this month , clinton adviser harold ickes first raised the prospect that pledged delegates were not legally bound to vote as election results indicate an idea that has drawn sharp criticism from supporters of rival obama ."
"despite repeated denials , the clinton campaign has again admitted that they will go to any length to win , obama spokesman bill burton said again wednesday ."
iraq s prime minister wednesday gave shiite militants battling security forces in basra a hour deadline to surrender as the death toll from two days of fighting that threatens to undo efforts to stabilize iraq neared .
nuri al maliki gave the ultimatum a day after clashes erupted in the southern oil port city and baghdad between iraqi and u . s . security forces and fighters aligned with the mehdi army the militia of hard line shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
"the fighting has killed to people in basra , others in baghdad and left scores injured ."
"officials say the dead in basra include iraqi troops , police , civilians and militiamen ."
"in a further incident wednesday , three u . s . government officials were seriously injured as militants targeted the international zone in baghdad , a u . s . embassy spokeswoman said ."
"the renewed violence in basra and baghdad threatens to unravel a seven months long suspension of mehdi army activities , a much praised cease fire called by al sadr that the u . s . military says has decreased violence across iraq ."
"a basra city council official said that the latest fighting erupted when security forces entered mehdi army strongholds , where militiamen were armed with machine guns , grenades , rockets and mortars ."
the fighting erupted as al sadr s political organization launched a nationwide civil disobedience movement to protest recent arrests of its members .
fighting between iraqi security forces and supporters of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr continued for a second day wednesday .
firefights between security forces and al sadr supporters in basra killed at least on tuesday .
"separately , a mortar round hit a residential building in central baghdad , killing one person and wounding four others ."
the fighting erupted as al sadr s political organization launched a nationwide civil disobedience movement to protest recent arrests of its members .
"the discord threatens to unravel a much praised cease fire by the cleric s militia , the mehdi army , which u . s . commanders have credited with helping ease the sectarian warfare that gripped iraq in ."
"an official with basra s provincial council , speaking on condition of anonymity , told cnn that at least people were killed and wounded tuesday ."
"the dead included iraqi troops , police , civilians and militiamen , the official said ."
"in addition , at least iraqi security force members were kidnapped by militia fighters in basra , he said ."
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is personally overseeing efforts to restore order in basra , said ali hadi , an official in the prime minister s office ."
"he said al maliki met with high ranking iraqi security officers ahead of a push against militia fighters , which was launched early tuesday ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn as a strike by farmers continued for a th day tuesday with no solution in sight , its impact was visible on meagerly stocked supermarket shelves in cities ."
butchers and supermarkets were among the first hit .
"we are looking for alternative suppliers because within to hours , we will have no more meat , said miguel calvete , who runs a chinese supermarket in the capital ."
"hundreds of argentines took to the streets of the capital , where they banged pots and pans in support of the striking growers , who are protesting an increase in export taxes for their products ."
one economist warned that the strike could result in more serious problems than short term scarcity .
"the fewer products and goods available to place on the shelves , the more room for increasing prices ."
"argentine president cristina fernandez was unswayed , referring to the growers demands as extortion and saying the increases on agricultural products are justified ."
"about percent of soybeans are exported . they re not exported in argentine pesos , they re exported in euros , in dollars . but the costs are argentine costs ."
"the farmers federations , for their part , announced that the strike will continue for an indeterminate period of time ."
"we thought this was going to generate a conciliatory discussion , but it has had the opposite effect , said alfredo rodes , executive director of the confederation of rural associations of buenos aires and la pampa ."
"he said the taxes go directly to the central government , not to the provinces where the farmers live , and he accused the government of demanding practically half of farmers production in taxes ."
"but traffic jams still occurred , inconveniencing many people ."
"there are kids who are trying to get to school , and they re not arriving ."
"vienna , austria cnn about vehicles slammed into each other tuesday in heavy snowfall on a motorway in northwestern austria , killing one person and injuring at least others ."
police in the province of upper austria said five of the injured people were seriously hurt .
"a spanish woman who lived in switzerland was killed , they said . further details about her were not immediately available ."
"some people were believed to be trapped in their vehicles and rescue efforts were hampered by the snow , police said ."
"police said the accident happened on the westbound a autobahn between the towns of seewalchen and st . georgen , northeast of salzburg ."
that section of the autobahn has been closed in both directions .
the speed limit is miles per hour .
david beckham will finally make his milestone th international appearance for england in wednesday s prestige friendly against france in paris .
england coach fabio capello says l . a . galaxy legend beckham will play some part in the match at stade de france where manchester united defender rio ferdinand will captain the side .
"i could not possibly make him come from the usa and not play him , capello said at a news conference tuesday ."
"i know what he can give to a team . as for the future , we will have to see ."
beckham did not play in capello s first match in charge against switzerland at wembley last month because the coach decided he was not fit enough during the major league soccer offseason .
"only four other players have accrued caps or more for england bobby charlton , bobby moore , billy wright and peter shilton ."
and all four led the team out on their centenary appearance .
"london , england cnn a web site that encourages girls as young as seven to give virtual dolls breast implants and put them on crash diets has caused concern among parents and children s activists ."
the provocatively named miss bimbo web site launched in the uk last month and is described as a virtual fashion game for girls .
"girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo in the whole world ."
"when a girl signs up , they are given a naked virtual character to look after and pitted against other girls to earn bimbo dollars so they can dress her in sexy outfits and take her clubbing ."
"they are told stop at nothing , even meds or plastic surgery , to ensure their dolls win ."
"users are given missions , including securing plastic surgery at the game s clinic to give their dolls bigger breasts , and they have to keep her at her target weight with diet pills , which cost bimbo dollars ."
"breast implants sell at , bimbo dollars and net the buyer , bimbo attitudes , making her more popular on the site ."
and bagging a billionaire boyfriend is the most desirable way to earn the all important mula or bimbo dollars .
"working , it seems , is a bit of a chore in bimbo world ."
"the site says bimbo dollars is the cabbage , bread , the mula you ll need to buy nice things and to get by in bimbo world ."
to earn some bimbo cash you will have to gasp work or find a boyfriend to be your sugar daddy and hook you up with a phat expense account !
"the advice on feeding the dolls is even more spurious , encouraging them to feed the dolls every now and then even though they want to keep their bimbos waif thin ."
"the british version already has nearly , players , most of whom are girls aged between and , according to the web site ."
"although it is free to play , when the contestants run out of virtual dollars they have to send cell phone text messages costing each or use paypal to top up their accounts ."
"parents groups are horrified that the game is taking off in britain , fearing it could send the wrong message about eating disorders and plastic surgery to young girls"
"bill hibberd , of parents rights group parentkind , told the times the game sends a dangerous message to young girls ."
but the danger is that a nine year old fails to appreciate the irony and sees the bimbo as a cool role model . then the game becomes a hazard and a menace .
"asian and european market have surged as investors returned from the easter holiday in a mood to buy , encouraged by upbeat u . s . housing numbers and overnight gains on wall street ."
"markets in hong kong and australia , both of which were closed since thursday , have jumped on easing concerns about the global credit crisis that has battered stocks since the start of the year ."
"japan s nikkei index climbed to close up . percent at , after closing flat monday , and hong kong s hang seng was up . percent to , . ."
"in europe , where major markets were closed since thursday , stocks advanced strongly ."
"in britain , the ftse rose . percent to , , while germany s dax gained percent . france s cac was up . percent ."
investors also were heartened by news that jp morgan chase co . raised its offer for bear stearns fivefold to a share from a share .
the new offer signals that investors losses might not be as sizable as feared .
"the offer gives the market renewed confidence , indicating that after further assessment , the situation at bear stearns may not be as bad as initially thought , said jamie spiteri , head of trading at shaw stockbroking in sydney ."
"there was some optimism about the u . s . housing sector , which has been at the heart of the credit problems ."
"the national association of realtors that monday said sales of existing homes rose . percent in february , the first gain since last july ."
"santiago , chile cnn a finnish tourist was detained after allegedly stealing a piece of volcanic rock from one of the massive moai statues on easter island ."
a native rapanui woman told authorities she witnessed the theft sunday at anakena beach and saw kulju fleeing from the scene with a piece of the statue in his hand .
"kulju used his hands to tear off the earlobe , which fell to the ground and broke into pieces measuring to inches each , easter island police chief cristian gonzalez told the associated press in a telephone interview ."
"kulju ran away with at least one of the pieces from the foot tall moai , he said ."
"fortunately , this type of thing does not happen every day , but it does happen , and it is almost impossible to control because on easter island there are sites of great archaeological value everywhere and the park guards cannot prevent all such incidents , easter island government official liliana castro told the ap ."
damaging moais is punishable under a law protecting national monuments .
"while some of the island s moais are more than feet tall , most have an average height of feet and weigh about metric tons ."
"the statues gaze out on the south pacific more than , miles west of chile , which annexed easter island in the th century ."
"the moais were nominated , but not chosen , as one of the new seven wonders of the world , selected by average citizens in a global poll conducted by a nonprofit organization last year ."
"about , people , the majority of them ethnic rapanui , live on square mile easter island ."
"barack obama and his wife released their tax returns from to on his campaign web site tuesday , and the illinois senator challenged sen . hillary clinton to release hers ."
"later , clinton said she expected to release her tax returns shortly , i hope within the next week ."
"the obama campaign said clinton should immediately release her return , pointing to her decision to lend her campaign million earlier this year ."
the obama camp also cited former president bill clinton s million payout from supermarket holding company yucaipa as a reason why the couple should release the documents .
the obama campaign said that company invests in tax shelters in the cayman islands .
"clinton has promised to release returns sometime after this year s april income tax deadline , just a few days before pennsylvania s april primary ."
"senator clinton recently claimed that she s the most transparent figure in public life , yet she s dragging her feet in releasing something as basic as her annual tax returns , obama s communications director , robert gibbs , said in a statement ."
senator clinton can t claim to be vetted until she allows the public the opportunity to see her finances particularly with respect to any investment in tax shelters .
"but clinton made her own challenge to obama during a press conference in greensburg , pennsylvania ."
now he should release his records from being in the state senate and any other information that the public and the press need to know from his prior experience .
"according to the return , obama and his wife , michelle , earned over , in and paid , on the income ."
washington cnn the united states is working with the egyptian government to figure out the details of a shooting incident in the suez canal involving a cargo vessel contracted by the u . s . military .
egypt s state run news agency and other media reports say one person was killed and at least two others wounded on monday when the u . s . security team aboard the vessel fired on a small boat that approached it .
"but the u . s . embassy in cairo and a military spokeswoman said they had no reports of casualties , noting that they had accounted for all warning shots fired at the small boat ."
"when asked about the discrepancy , state department spokesman sean mccormack was vague , calling it an incident involving a cargo ship that was contracted by the u . s . department of defense to transit u . s . department of defense materials . . . through the suez canal ."
"our ambassador is working with senior levels of the egyptian government to understand what happened , mccormack said . he said the ambassador s discussions are an effort to make sure that it doesn t happen again ."
"according to the embassy statement and a senior u . s . military official , several small boats approached the global patriot , a cargo vessel contracted by the u . s . navy s military sealift command ."
"the boats were hailed and warned by a native arabic speaker using a bullhorn to warn them to turn away , the embassy statement said ."
"after a warning flare was fired , one of the small boats continued to approach the ship , prompting the u . s . forces on board to fire two sets of warning shots which landed"
"in the water , about yards to yards in front of the boat ."
"all shots were accounted for as they entered the water , the statement said . when asked about reports of a fatality , a spokeswoman for the u . s . fifth fleet in bahrain said they had no indications of any casualties in the incident ."
"the egyptian security official , speaking to ap on condition of anonymity , said merchants often use small boats to try to sell cigarettes and other items to ships transiting the suez canal ."
"the merchants know not to approach military vessels , he told ap , but the fact that the global patriot was a civilian vessel may have led to confusion ."
"paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that he cannot rule out the possibility he might boycott the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics if china continues its crackdown in tibet ."
"sarkozy has come under increasing pressure to take a stance on the unrest . he said he had not yet made a decision on what to do , but the mere suggestion of a boycott represented a clear threat to chinese authorities ."
a french boycott of the august opening ceremony would have added resonance because france will hold the rotating eu presidency during the august olympic games .
"asked whether he supported a boycott , sarkozy said he could not close the door to any possibility ."
a spokesman for the president confirmed that sarkozy was referring to a possible snub of the august opening ceremony .
"our chinese friends must understand the worldwide concern that there is about the question of tibet , and i will adapt my response to the evolutions in the situation that will come , i hope , as rapidly as possible , the president said during a visit with a military regiment in tarbes in southwest france ."
"violent protests in tibet , the most serious challenge in almost two decades to china s rule in the region , are forcing human rights campaigners and governments to re examine their approach to the olympic games ."
"ceremony boycott by heads of state and government , as well as royalty an idea that has gained the support of many french ."
the issue of athletes boycotting the opening ceremony or the games is not being talked about in france .
"in a csa poll for liberation newspaper , percent of respondents said they were rather favorable to the idea of sarkozy staying away from the opening ceremonies ."
the poll of people by csa agency for the daily paper was conducted thursday and friday .
"jackson , missouri cnn debbie shank breaks down in tears every time she s told that her year old son , jeremy , was killed in iraq ."
when her family reminds her that he s dead she weeps as if hearing the news for the first time .
shank suffered severe brain damage after a traffic accident nearly eight years ago that robbed her of much of her short term memory and left her in a wheelchair and living in a nursing home .
one of their biggest was with wal mart s health plan .
"eight years ago , shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for wal mart s health and benefits plan ."
"two years after the accident , shank and her husband , jim , were awarded about million in a lawsuit against the trucking company involved in the crash ."
"after legal fees were paid , , was placed in a trust to pay for debbie shank s long term care ."
the shanks didn t notice in the fine print of wal mart s health plan policy that the company has the right to recoup medical expenses if an employee collects damages in a lawsuit .
"the family s attorney , maurice graham , said he informed wal mart about the settlement and believed the shanks would be allowed to keep the money ."
"we assumed after three years , they wal mart had made a decision to let debbie shank use this money for what it was intended to , graham said ."
the shanks lost their suit to wal mart .
"last summer , the couple appealed the ruling but also lost it ."
"one week later , their son was killed in iraq ."
"they are quite within their rights . but i just wonder if they need it that bad , jim shank said ."
"we wish it could be more flexible in mrs . shank s case since her circumstances are clearly extraordinary , but this is done out of fairness to all associates who contribute to , and benefit from , the plan ."
jim shank said he believes wal mart should make an exception .
"my idea of a win win is you keep the paperwork that says you won and let us keep the money so i can take care of my wife , he said ."
"the u . s . defense department accidentally shipped ballistic missile components to taiwan , the pentagon said tuesday ."
"four nose cone fuses for intercontinental ballistic missiles were shipped instead of the helicopter batteries that taiwan had requested , air force secretary michael wynne said ."
the fuses were shipped to taiwan in fall and kept in a warehouse there .
the taiwanese military informed the united states last week about their presence on the island .
"there are no nuclear or fissile materials associated with these items , wynne said ."
"ryan henry , principal deputy undersecretary of defense for policy , said , in an organization as large as dod , the largest and most complex in the world , there will be mistakes . but they cannot be tolerated in the arena in strategic systems , whether they are nuclear or only associated equipment , as was in this case ."
"henry said the parts were s technology , designed for use with minuteman ballistic missiles ."
"washington cnn a chunk of antarctic ice about seven times the size of manhattan suddenly collapsed , putting an even greater portion of glacial ice at risk , scientists said tuesday ."
"satellite images show the runaway disintegration of a square mile chunk in western antarctica , which started february ."
"this is the result of global warming , said british antarctic survey scientist david vaughan ."
"because scientists noticed satellite images within hours , they diverted satellite cameras and even flew an airplane over the ongoing collapse for rare pictures and video ."
the cracks fill with water and slice off and topple . . . that gets to be a runaway situation .
"while icebergs naturally break away from the mainland , collapses like this are unusual but are happening more frequently in recent decades , vaughan said ."
"the collapse is similar to what happens to hardened glass when it is smashed with a hammer , he said ."
"the rest of the wilkins ice shelf , which is about the size of connecticut , is holding on by a narrow beam of thin ice ."
"larger , more dramatic ice collapses occurred in and ."
vaughan had predicted the wilkins shelf would collapse about years from now .
"scientists said they are not concerned about a rise in sea level from the latest event in antarctica , but say it s a sign of worsening global warming ."
"such occurrences are more indicative of a tipping point or trigger in the climate system , said sarah das , a scientist at the woods hole oceanographic institute ."
but some supporters fear he s not making the most of his time .
"just back from his eighth trip to iraq , mccain returned to the campaign trail monday in chula vista , california , with last week s words from osama bin laden in hand ."
"he urged palestinians and people of syria , lebanon , jordan and saudi arabia to quote help and support the mujahadeen brothers in iraq , which is greatest opportunity and the biggest task , mccain said ."
"it s proof , he argued , that democrats are dead wrong about the war in iraq ."
"my democrat opponents , who want to pull out of iraq , refuse to understand what s being said . . . the central battleground is iraq in this struggle against radical islamic extremism , he said ."
"absent from mccain s remarks to california veterans was any mention of the new grim death toll released monday , u . s . troops in the war zone he just visited ."
"asked about the toll , mccain responded with a personal story of one soldier s heroism ."
"i wear a bracelet on my hand not only as a symbol of the sacrifice that a brave young man named matthew stanley made but that of , other brave young americans who have served and sacrificed , mccain said . my prayers go out to those families every day , not just on the day that , brave young americans have sacrificed ."
mccain continues to challenge democrats to admit the military surge in iraq is working .
"with plans to unveil new policy ideas this week on the economy one of mccain s weak spots and a speech on national security , mccain advisers insist they re on track ."
he s been traveling the country for cash since effectively locking up the nomination six weeks ago but still seriously lags behind the democrats coffers .
"mccain raised million in february , compared with million for sen . barack obama and . million for sen . hillary clinton ."
injury hit france recalled striker david trezeguet to their squad to face england in a prestigious friendly international at the stade de france on wednesday .
juventus ace trezeguet has been left out in the cold by france coach raymond domenech since september and was omitted from the original selection .
"but injuries to fellow strikers thierry henry , louis saha and karim benzema have seen trezeguet back in the fold ."
"france captain patrick vieira is also out through injury but he told reporters on monday that he was delighted by trezeguet s return . i am very happy for trezeguet , vieira said ."
he is having a great season and is scoring a lot of goals .
trezeguet is stop scorer in italy s serie a with goals and is also france s third all time highest scorer with goals .
domenech had not selected trezeguet since the home loss to scotland in european championship qualifying .
"now , three months ahead of the summer tournament , trezeguet has another chance to stake his claim ."
cnn siena seems to be every italy connoisseur s pet town .
"more than a sum of places to see , siena itself is the sight ."
"grab a gelato , join in the evening stroll , and end up at the town s glorious red brick main square , il campo ."
lean up against a pillar as the setting sun plays games with the colors of the stone and the sky .
"at twilight , first time poets savor that magic moment when the sky turns into a rich blue dome as bright as the medieval tower that holds it high ."
"seven hundred years ago , siena was a major military power in a class with florence , venice and genoa ."
"with a population of , , it was even bigger than paris ."
to say that siena and florence have always been competitive is an understatement .
"in medieval times , a statue of venus stood on il campo ."
"after the plague hit siena in the th century , the monks blamed the pagan statue ."
the people cut it to pieces and buried it along the walls of florence .
"siena s loss became our sightseeing gain , as its political and economic irrelevance pickled it gothic ."
"today , siena s thriving historic center , with traffic free , red brick lanes cascading every which way , offers italy s best gothic city experience ."
"while florence has the blockbuster museums , siena has an easy to enjoy soul"
"for those who dream of a fiat free italy , this is it ."
sit at a cafe on il campo .
"five tibetans were arrested for deadly arson attacks stemming from the anti china riots that erupted this month , china s government announced monday ."
"a chinese ministry of public security official said the suspects have confessed to two arson incidents that killed people in the tibetan capital of lhasa , according to the state run news agency xinhua ."
"in the second case , two males were detained for setting fire to a motorcycle shop on march , which resulted in five deaths including an month old boy and his parents , according to xinhua ."
"the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by police , but chinese officials put the death toll at ."
"arlington , virginia cnn a suburban washington man was bitten monday by a rattlesnake that found its way into his luggage , a fire department spokesman said ."
"he felt a sharp pain , brought his hand out and saw the bite , said benjamin barksdale , assistant chief and chief fire marshal of the arlington county , virginia , fire department ."
"andrew bacas zipped his bag shut and called at about a . m . et , the official said ."
"he was conscious and alert but a little anxious , barksdale said of the victim ."
"we took the bag outside and used a carbon dioxide fire extinguisher to freeze the snake , killing it , barksdale said ."
"bacas , a high school rowing coach , had been on a six day trip to summerton , south carolina , with about students , said mike krulfeld , director of student activities at yorktown high school in arlington ."
krulfeld said he did not think the incident was a student prank .
"the web site of the school s crew team warned members to take precautions unpacking from the trip , adding , it s advisable to open bags and unpack outdoors ."
"it got into his bag somehow at the location where they were staying , said kay speerstra , executive director of the animal welfare league of arlington . nobody noticed it until he was unpacking , and then he definitely noticed it ."
speerstra said the snake was about inches long and appeared to be a juvenile .
"if you re seeing your grocery bill go up , you re not alone ."
"from subsistence farmers eating rice in ecuador to gourmets feasting on escargot in france , consumers worldwide face rising food prices in what analysts call a perfect storm of conditions ."
freak weather is a factor .
"but so are dramatic changes in the global economy , including higher oil prices , lower food reserves and growing consumer demand in china and india ."
the world s poorest nations still harbor the greatest hunger risk .
"clashes over bread in egypt killed at least two people last week , and similar food riots broke out in burkina faso and cameroon this month ."
but food protests now crop up even in italy .
"and while the price of spaghetti has doubled in haiti , the cost of miso is packing a hit in japan ."
"it s not likely that prices will go back to as low as we re used to , said abdolreza abbassian , economist and secretary of the intergovernmental group for grains for the u . n . food and agriculture organization . currently if you re in haiti , unless the government is subsidizing consumers , consumers have no choice but to cut consumption ."
"it s a very brutal scenario , but that s what it is ."
"no one knows that better than eugene thermilon , , a haitian day laborer who can no longer afford pasta to feed his wife and four children since the price nearly doubled to . a bag ."
their only meal on a recent day was two cans of corn grits .
"in egypt , where bread is up percent and cooking oil percent , the government recently proposed ending food subsidies and replacing them with cash payouts to the needy ."
"in japan , the ethanol boom is hitting the country in mayonnaise and miso , two important culinary ingredients , as biofuels production pushes up the price of cooking oil and soybeans ."
"a two pound bottle of mayonnaise his risen about percent in two months to as much as yen nearly , said daishi inoue , a cook at a chinese restaurant ."
"it s not hurting us much now , he said . but if prices keep going up , we have no choice but to raise our prices ."
"cape canaveral , florida cnn shuttle endeavour pulled away from the international space station monday and headed for home after a heartfelt farewell between the two crews ."
"it culminated days of shared work , the longest mission of its kind ."
"the space travelers performed a record tying five spacewalks , put together a space station robot and provided a new japanese compartment and resident for the orbiting complex ."
"in my mind , in my view , it s been an extraordinary mission , said leroy cain , chairman of the mission management team ."
"before the hatches were closed in the late afternoon , a few hours before the shuttle s undocking , astronaut garrett reisman pretended he was going to float into endeavour ."
space station commander peggy whitson grabbed him around the waist and pulled him back .
"reisman flew up aboard endeavour to replace french astronaut leopold eyharts , who was going home on the shuttle ."
they embraced and patted each others backs as they parted company the other astronauts did the same .
"up to you , garrett . it s your turn , said eyharts , who spent months at the international space station , less time than planned because of the previous shuttle flight s delay in getting him there ."
"naha , japan cnn at a zen buddhist temple in southern japan , even the dog prays ."
"mimicking his master , priest joei yoshikuni , a year old black and white chihuahua named conan joins in the daily prayers at naha s shuri kannondo temple , sitting up on his hind legs and putting his front paws together before the altar ."
"it took him only a few days to learn the motions , and now he is the talk of the town ."
"word has spread , and we are getting a lot more tourists , yoshikuni said monday ."
yoshikuni said conan generally goes through his prayer routine at the temple in the capital of japan s southern okinawa prefecture state without prompting before his morning and evening meals .
"i think he saw me doing it all the time and got the idea to do it , too , yoshikuni said ."
the priest is now trying to teach him how to meditate .
jpmorgan chase co . on monday moved to assuage shareholders of bear stearns co . by increasing its offer to acquire the ailing investment bank to per share from the bargain basement price of per share .
there was a backlash last week among bear stearns shareholders who felt the original deal undervalued the year old institution .
"jpmorgan chase chief executive jamie dimon spent most of the week trying to woo bear stearns employees , who collectively own about a third of the company ."
"we believe the amended terms are fair to all sides and reflect the value and risks of the bear stearns franchise , dimon said in a statement , and bring more certainty for our respective shareholders , clients , and the marketplace ."
the new deal values bear stearns at about . billion still a small fraction of what the company was worth before its sudden near collapse earlier this month .
"it also includes a provision for jpmorgan to buy million new bear stearns shares immediately , which gives it a . percent stake in bear before shareholders have even voted ."
"the amended offer was dimon s attempt to ward off any competition , and quickly move on with the acquisition ."
"new york , cnn the ex wife of french president nicolas sarkozy tied the knot sunday night at the famed rainbow room in new york s rockefeller center , french newspapers have reported ."
"though details about the nuptials have been kept under wraps , le figaro and liberation said in monday editions that cecilia ciganer albeniz the former mrs . sarkozy married richard attias , an events planner . the two dailies didn t identify their sources ."
"the wedding ceremony and reception at the th floor rainbow room , which offers panoramic views of new york , culminated three days of private festivities , le figaro said on its web site ."
"the ceremony was scheduled to draw guests and began with a party on friday at attias house in connecticut , the report said ."
photographers snapped photos of ciganer albeniz and attias as they emerged together saturday evening from a car to see the abba inspired musical mamma mia ! at a broadway theater .
"attias , a year old moroccan born multi millionaire , is the president of paris based publicis events worldwide ."
"ciganer albeniz left sarkozy in may to live with attias , but returned to sarkozy s side in the run up to france s presidential elections last spring ."
"last month , the french leader married carla bruni , the italian born singer and former model . their quick courtship led to a glitzy february wedding ."
ciganer albeniz had tried to keep her wedding plans secret but word leaked out earlier this month when versace announced that the couple had chosen the milan fashion house to dress them for their nuptials .
she reportedly canceled the order and requested a new couturier following versace s announcement .
the supreme court has rejected a conservative group s legal fight to air commercials promoting a movie critical of sen . hillary clinton .
"the case , rejected on jurisdictional grounds , was appealed after a federal district court refused to issue a preliminary injunction clearing the way for the promotions ."
at issue was whether broadcast ads promoting the minute documentary hillary
"the movie are subject to strict campaign finance laws on political advocacy , or would be considered a constitutionally protected form of commercial speech ."
the appeal was of a decision earlier this year by a special three judge panel of the u . s . district court in washington . the decision meant the group if it now chooses to air any broadcast ads must indicate by name its sponsorship and disclose its political donors .
"the movie is susceptible of no other interpretation than to inform the electorate that senator clinton is unfit for office , that the united states would be a dangerous place in a president hillary world , and that viewers should vote against her , wrote the judges in their ruling ."
"the law also requires an on screen notice of the group financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations ."
"and the justice department said the supreme court had no authority to accept the case at this stage , contending that a federal appeals court in washington should first tackle it ."
"the justices apparently agreed with the justice department , noting in their brief order that the appeal was dismissed for want of jurisdiction . the case now goes back to the three judge district court panel for final resolution ."
"he said the group will continue to do movies , including one on democratic presidential candidate sen . barack obama . and of course will want to market them ."
"the movie is already available on dvd and will soon be shown in about nine theaters , according to a public relations firm for filmmaker david bossie , who heads citizens united ."
"ads for the movie are also on the internet , which is not subject to federal regulation ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s deposed chief justice made his first public appearance in four months on monday , soon after newly elected prime minister yousaf raza gilani vowed to release all judges held since last year ."
"gilani , a long time aide to slain opposition leader benazir bhutto voted in by pakistan s new parliament , moved to free the officials arrested last november when president pervez musharraf declared a state of emergency ."
"hundreds of people swarmed the residence of former chief justice iftikhar chaudhry through a gap in the concertina wire fence surrounding it , hoping to see him walk free following four months under house arrest ."
"however , he returned inside after appearing on his porch and waving and accepting gifts from his supporters ."
"chaudhry and other judges had threatened to legally challenge the right of former army chief musharraf to be president , and he responded by purging the courts of top officials ."
pakistan s state run news agency quoted a senior islamabad administrator as saying that all judges detained under the government of musharraf were now free following gilani s edict .
"the prisoners are free today , said chaudhry s lawyer aitzaz ahsan , the associated press reported ."
sen . hillary clinton s aides blasted sen . barack obama s campaign monday after a major obama supporter referenced the blue dress at the heart of former president bill clinton s impeachment scandal .
"gordon fischer , a former chair of the iowa democratic party and part of obama s iowa support team , also compared bill clinton unfavorably to joe mccarthy ."
mccarthy was a senator who was known for leveling accusations that people were communists or spying for the russians in the s .
"bill clinton cannot possibly seriously believe obama is not a patriot , and cannot possibly be said to be helping instead he is hurting his own party . b . bill clinton should never be forgiven ."
fischer was referring to bill clinton s comments over the weekend that a race between sen . john mccain and hillary clinton would be a contest between two people who love their country .
some obama supporters including former air force gen . tony mcpeak have interpreted that statement as an attack on obama s patriotism .
"fischer , who endorsed obama last fall , later removed the post from his blog and replaced it with an apology ."
"olympia , greece cnn greece condemned human rights protesters who disrupted the olympic torch lighting ceremony monday ."
"the brief disruption unnerved thousands of spectators , dignitaries and olympic officials who packed into the sprawling ancient stadium to watch actresses posing as priestesses light the olympic flame from the sun s rays ."
"more protests , however , followed later as the torch relay began ."
"a tibetan woman covered herself with red paint and lay on the ground , forcing torchbearers to weave around her as other protesters shouted flame of shame ."
"the government condemns every attempt to interfere with the ceremony for the lighting of the olympic flame through actions that have no relation at all with the olympic spirit , said evangelos antonaros , greece s junior government spokesman ."
we have tibetans popping out of every corner protesting during the torch relay . it will be very difficult to guard this relay .
"jacques rogge , international olympic committee president"
we have expressed our deep concern for what happens in tibet .
"we ve also of course expressed the wish that this should be resolved peacefully as soon as possible . but of course yes , violence is not compatible with olympic values ."
he said he was engaged in a silent diplomacy with beijing on tibet .
"police confirmed they had detained three french protesters , members of the paris based media rights group reporters without borders ."
"if the flame is sacred then so are humans . we cannot let the chinese seize the olympic flame , a symbol of peace , without denouncing the dramatic situation of human rights in the country ."
"broadcast live , the stunt left greek commentators speechless , but in china , state tv cut away to a pre recorded scene , according to the associated press , preventing millions of chinese viewers from watching the tumultuous start to their nation s games ."
"president bush expressed sympathy monday for the families of the , americans killed in the war in iraq , promising to make sure their loved ones were not lost in vain ."
"one day , people will look back at this moment in history and say , thank god there were courageous people willing to serve , because they laid the foundations for peace for generations to come , bush told reporters after a meeting at the state department ."
"military officials reported four u . s . soldiers died sunday in a roadside bombing in iraq , bringing the american toll in the war to the milestone of , deaths , including eight defense department civilians ."
the war entered its fifth year last week .
"of the , u . s . military personnel killed in the war , , have been killed in attacks and fighting and in non hostile incidents , such as traffic accidents and suicides ."
"during a briefing with reporters monday , white house press secretary dana perino said the president definitely feels the loss ."
"he gets a report about every single soldier who passes away , she said . and he always pauses a moment to think about them and to offer a prayer for their loved ones and their family and friends ."
"bush also held a two hour national security council videoconference monday with his top commander in iraq , gen . david petraeus , and ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador in baghdad ."
"with , american lives lost and thousands injured , many of them permanently , americans are asking how much longer must our troops continue to sacrifice for the sake of an iraqi government that is unwilling or unable to secure its own future , said pelosi , d california ."
top seed serbian ana ivanovic won the pacific life open wta title in indian wells on sunday with a victory over second seeded russian svetlana kuznetsova .
"ivanovic , the australian open runner up , used a fierce forehand to defeat kuznetsova and claim her sixth career title ."
"every important ball she hit winner on the line . it was on the line , on the line , on the line ."
"she had an outstanding first set , kuznetsova , the us open champion , added . she played better ."
"kuznetsova still stayed with ivanovic until the ninth game , when the serbian earned a break ."
"ivanovic , , has now won five of her six meetings with kuznetsova , with whom she has traded the second and third spots in the world rankings this year ."
"cnn the biggest showcase in the build up for the olympics begins on monday , march , with the lighting of the olympic torch in ancient olympia , greece ."
it signifies the start of the international olympic torch relay and in keeping with the rest of the beijing olympics preparations it s on a grand scale .
"featuring a cast of thousands of torch bearers and covering more than , miles , the international relay route is a whirlwind tour of cities across five continents in days ."
"at the end of the international part of the relay the torch will wind its way through mainland china , with the highlight its ascent up mount everest in may , before ending up in beijing for the pomp and pyrotechnics of the opening ceremony on august ."
each city that will host the torch has nominated a number of runners to carry it through it streets .
"australian olympic heroes ian thorpe and ron clarke will be two of the bearers as it makes it way through canberra , while elsewhere national sporting champions , members of the public , as well as the inevitable corporate sponsors , will be taking their turn holding the specially designed torch ."
"traditionally , the torch relay has been a chance for the international olympic committee and host country to highlight the positive ideals of the olympic movement ."
"journey of harmony is its official theme , and given the backdrop of violence and unrest in tibet and worldwide protests , the organizers will be hoping it will be just that ."
"at a news conference on march , jiang xiaoyu , executive vice president of bocog , reiterated that the torch relay program was intended to convey the message of peace and harmony and that any attempts to disrupt the torch relay were against the spirit of the olympic games . . . those activities will not win hearts and minds of people and therefore are doomed to failure ."
"there have been some fears that the arrival of the olympic torch could even spark violent protests against china , but there has been no talk of banning the torch by national olympic committees ."
russian olympic committee spokesman gennady shvets told the associated press that russia was absolutely not considering canceling the torch relay .
"using a russian expression to underline the position that the olympics and related events should not be colored by politics , he said the flies and the cutlet are separate ."
"yalcin aksoy of the turkish olympic committee also told reporters there was no question of the torch not coming to his country or being refused , and that such a move would be against the olympic spirit . no one should mix politics with sports , he said ."
"four u . s . soldiers died in a roadside bombing in iraq on sunday , military officials reported , bringing the american toll in the year old war to the grim milestone of , deaths ."
"a fifth soldier was wounded in the attack , which took place about p . m . p . m . et ."
"meanwhile , estimates of the iraqi death toll range from about , to the hundreds of thousands , with another million forced to leave the country and . million people displaced within iraq , according to the u . n . high commissioner for refugees ."
"president bush ordered u . s . troops into iraq on march , , after months of warnings that then iraqi leader saddam hussein was concealing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and efforts to build a nuclear bomb ."
"u . n . weapons inspectors found no sign of banned weapons before the invasion , and the cia later concluded that iraq had dismantled its weapons programs in the s ."
"hussein s government fell in early april , and iraq s new government executed him in december ."
"the news of the , mark came on the same day that iraq s national security adviser urged americans to be patient with the progress of the war , contending that it is well worth fighting because it has implications about global terror ."
"this is global terrorism hitting everywhere , and they have chosen iraq to be a battlefield . and we have to take them on , mowaffak al rubaie said sunday on cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer ."
"hong kong , china cnn it is commonly said that we know more about the moon than the deep blue sea ."
"despite the fact that the sea takes up percent of the world s living space , just percent of it has been properly studied and sampled , according to the united nations environment program unep ."
we don t even know how many species of marine life even live in the world s oceans .
"but the fish we do know about , we are particular keen on catching to eat ."
"the problem , we are told , is we are catching too many of them , and we have a finite time period available to us to fix the problem before it is too late ."
"in the past years , the un says we have managed to double both the percentage of fish stocks facing collapse from percent in to percent last year as well as the amount that are overexploited , from per cent to around percent ."
"unep s report , in dead water released in january , says as much as percent of the world s main fish catch species have now been exploited beyond or close to their harvest capacity ."
"we are now being told that if we carry on fishing at the rate we do , by all of the species that we currently fish for food will have disappeared ."
"in words not to be taken lightly , unep is now warning that unless governments around the world enforce some radical changes right now , we could be in the process of witnessing a collapsing ecosystem ."
"one billion people around the world rely on fish as their main source of protein , while . billion of us get at least percent of our animal protein intake from it ."
"a new statement attributed to al qaeda s no . figure , ayman al zawahiri , calls on muslims to attack western interests in defense of the palestinians in gaza ."
"the audio statement was posted on radical islamist web sites sunday evening , and gave little indication when it was produced ."
"the speaker urges muslims to take action rather than hold protests in support of the palestinians , which he says will do no good ."
"if you let the people of gaza be killed today , while you shout and demonstrate , tomorrow the events will turn around and the crusaders and the jews will kill you instead , and others will do nothing but shout back and demonstrate , he says ."
"hamas , an islamic party considered a terrorist organization by the united states , israel and the european union , seized control of gaza from the palestinian authority s ruling fatah party in ."
israeli troops have restricted supplies and power to gaza and conducted periodic airstrikes and raids in an effort to halt the near daily firings of palestinian rockets into southern israel since then .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan has entered an era of real democracy according to president pervez musharraf , who said sunday that he hoped the incoming government would maintain the pace of growth the nation has enjoyed ."
"my brothers and sisters , musharraf said , addressing a crowd at a military ceremony celebrating pakistan s national day , you are seeing that a new era of real democracy has begun in pakistan ."
"i am hopeful that this government will maintain the political peace in pakistan , and will maintain the fast pace of pakistan s socio economic development ."
"the national day commemorates march , , when muslims in what was then part of india adopted a resolution to establish a homeland of their own ."
"musharraf , who seized power in a coup but stepped down as army chief last november , attended the ceremony as a civilian ."
"he was dressed in a white sherwani , a traditional south asian coat like garment ."
fighter jets spewed colored smoke as they formed the shape of a heart overhead .
flatbed trucks rolled past musharraf s viewing stand carrying pieces of missiles that make up the country s nuclear arsenal .
"on saturday , the pakistan people s party one of two parties that won the majority of national assembly seats in the parliamentary elections held last month named its candidate for prime minister ."
"the candidate , yousaf raza gilani , was parliament speaker in the administration of former ppp leader benazir bhutto , who was slain during a campaign rally last year ."
"the discovery of millions of extra ballots proves that president robert mugabe intends to rig next week s elections in his favor , zimbabwe s main opposition party said sunday ."
"tendai biti , secretary general of the movement for democratic change , said that leaked correspondence from the election commission showed it had asked the company that is printing paper ballots to make million ."
"however , the african country has an electorate of . million registered voters , he said ."
"also , , postal paper ballots were requested for soldiers and police officers , biti said ."
"postal ballots are usually requested for civil servants serving abroad , and the total number of soldiers and police in zimbabwe add up to no more than , , he said ."
mugabe survived a hotly contested presidential challenge from mdc leader morgan tsvangirai in amid widespread accusations of vote rigging .
"the president s other challenger this time is former finance minister simba makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling party ."
"last week , new york based human rights watch raised doubts about the elections , saying it was likely to be deeply flawed ."
"as the elections near , all indications are that once again the people of zimbabwe will not be able to freely exercise their civil and political rights and vote for the candidates of their choice , the nongovernmental organization said in a page report ."
washington cnn people should throw away cantaloupes from a honduran manufacturer believed to be linked to a salmonella outbreak .
the food and drug administration issued the alert saturday for melons from agropecuaria montelibano .
grocers are advised to remove from their stock any cantaloupes from this company . people should check with stores to see whether recently purchased cantaloupes came from honduras .
"so far , people have become sickened in states and nine have become ill in canada after eating the cantaloupes ."
"no deaths have been reported , although people have been hospitalized , the fda said ."
the government also is seeking to detain all cantaloupes shipped to the united states by agropecuaria montelibano .
the fda said it was taking this step while it continues to investigate the outbreak with the centers for disease control and prevention and individual states .
"to reduce the risk of contracting salmonella or other foodborne illnesses from cantaloupes , the fda recommends"
purchasing cantaloupes that are not bruised or damaged .
"if buying fresh cut cantaloupe , refrigerate or surround it with ice ."
"washing hands with hot , soapy water before or after handling fresh cantaloupes ."
scrubbing whole cantaloupes by using a clean produce brush and cool tap water immediately before eating .
cutting away and not eating bruised or damaged areas of the cantaloupe .
discarding leftover cut cantaloupe if left at room temperature for more than two hours .
"symptoms of foodborne salmonella infection include nausea , vomiting , fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps ."
"with restive tibetan areas swarming with troops and closed to scrutiny from the outside world , china s government has turned up efforts to put its own version of the unrest before the international public ."
"information barely trickled out of the tibetan capital lhasa and other far flung tibetan communities , where foreign media were banned and thousands of troops dispatched to quell the most widespread demonstrations against chinese rule in nearly five decades ."
"the chinese government was attempting to fill the information vacuum with its own message , saying sunday through official media that the restive areas were under control ."
"the government has also disseminated footage of tibetan protesters attacking chinese and accusations of biased reporting by western media via tv , the internet , e mail and youtube , which is blocked in china ."
the media barrage underscored that the government campaign is moving into a new phase of damage control ahead of the much anticipated beijing olympics in august .
"on sunday , communist party newspapers accused the dalai lama of orchestrating the riots in tibet to try to mar the olympics and overthrow the area s communist leaders ."
"it was china s latest attempt to demonize the exiled tibetan spiritual leader in the eyes of the chinese public , which is strongly supportive of the olympics ."
"the beijing olympics are eagerly awaited by the people of the whole world , but the dalai clique is scheming to take the beijing olympics hostage to force the chinese government to make concessions to tibet independence , the people s daily said ."
xinhua issued several reports sunday saying life was returning to normal in areas where protests took place in the wake of the lhasa riots .
"london , england cnn harry potter creator j . k . rowling has revealed she thought of killing herself while penniless and suffering from depression as a single mother , according to a report in britain s sunday times newspaper ."
"at the time , rowling had separated from her first husband and was living in a cramped apartment with her baby daughter ."
"she was able to afford the rent only after a friend paid the pound , that she needed , the newspaper quoted her as telling a student reporter at edinburgh university ."
"we re talking suicidal thoughts here , we re not talking i m a little bit miserable , rowling said ."
mid twenties life circumstances were poor and i really plummeted . the thing that made me go for help . . . was probably my daughter .
"she was something that earthed me , grounded me , and i thought , this isn t right , this can t be right , she cannot grow up with me in this state ."
rowling said she then sought professional help .
"while the year old has spoken before of her battle with depression , it was the first time she had admitted that she contemplated suicide , the newspaper said ."
"it was then that rowling began writing the first harry potter book , which was eventually published in ."
"since then , more than million books translated into languages have been sold around the world and rowling is now one of the world s richest women ."
vice president dick cheney said sunday it will take painful concessions from both israelis and palestinians to achieve the bush administration s vision of a palestinian nation alongside israel .
"after meeting with palestinian leaders in the west bank , cheney reiterated that the administration wants to see an independent , viable , democratic and peaceful palestinian state ."
"achieving that vision will require tremendous effort at the negotiating table and painful concessions on both sides , cheney said at the news conference with palestinian president mahmoud abbas ."
it will also also require a determination to defeat those who are committed to violence and who refuse to accept the basic right of the other side to exist .
"abbas thanked cheney for the administration s financial support and commitment to a two state solution , but the two men had notably different views on the obstacles impeding the peace deal ."
"while abbas cited israeli military operations and settlement expansions as the major deterrents to peace , cheney homed in on the rockets that have been hurtling into israel from hamas controlled gaza ."
"they also kill legitimate hopes and aspirations of the palestinian people , he said ."
"amsterdam , netherlands cnn the web site where dutch lawmaker geert wilders was promoting his not yet released anti koran film has been suspended by its u . s . hosting service ."
"the site formerly showed the film s title , fitna coming soon and an image of a gilded koran ."
now it shows a note that the company network solutions is investigating whether the site violates its terms of service .
"while the exact contents of the minute movie , due to be released by march , are unknown , wilders has said it will underscore his view that islam s holy book is fascist ."
"dutch officials fear the movie could spark violent protests in muslim countries , similar to those two years ago after the publication of cartoons of the prophet muhammad in a danish newspaper ."
wilders has said he will release his movie on the internet after television stations refused to air it .
"if necessary , i ll go hand out dvds personally on the dam , he said , referring to amsterdam s central square ."
"a dutch court will hear a complaint lodged by muslim groups seeking to bar wilders from releasing the film march , but there is no legal barrier preventing wilders from releasing his film before then ."
"facing fire from some fellow democrats for his decision to endorse sen . barack obama , gov . bill richardson said sunday he still considers himself loyal to the family that helped make his political career ."
i served under president clinton . but i served well . and i served the country well .
"and he gave me that opportunity , richardson told fox news sunday ."
"but you know . . . it shouldn t just be bush , clinton , bush , clinton , he said ."
"richardson was secretary of energy under the clinton administration , a post that helped bring him to national prominence and win the governorship of new mexico in ."
"richardson , who abandoned his presidential bid january , endorsed obama on friday as the democratic nominee ."
"he called sen . hillary clinton thursday to tell her of his decision , clinton s campaign said ."
"both candidates have many great endorsers , but the voters , not endorsers , will decide this election , and there are still millions of voters in upcoming contests who want to have their voices heard , clinton spokesman jay carson said ."
"vatican city cnn pope benedict xvi marked easter sunday in a rain drenched appearance in which he renewed calls for peace in iraq , the holy land and tibet ."
"a white canopy on the steps of st . peter s basilica protected the year old pontiff from a downpour while thousands of pilgrims , tourists and romans braved thunder and wind whipped rain to attend easter mass in the square ."
"on easter , christians celebrate their belief in the resurrection of jesus two days after he was crucified ."
"thanks to the apostles preaching about the resurrection , thousands and thousands of persons converted to christianity , benedict said ."
"in a speech at the end of the mass in st . peter s square , benedict said that on the joyous day of easter , in particular , how can we fail to remember certain african regions , such as darfur and somalia , the tormented middle east , especially the holy land , iraq , lebanon and finally tibet , all of which i encourage to seek solutions that will safeguard peace and the common good ."
"benedict denounced selfishness , injustice , hatred and violence between individuals and peoples ."
"these are the scourges of humanity , open and festering in every corner of the planet , although they are often ignored and sometimes deliberately concealed , wounds that torture the souls and bodies of countless of our brothers and sisters , he said , speaking over the sound of heavy rain in the square ."
jamie lee curtis went shirtless to pose for aarp the magazine .
"curtis is shown sporting gray hair and wading in water up to her chest on the cover of the magazine s may june issue , which will be available monday ."
"curtis , who is married to christopher guest and the mother of two children , says she reached a turning point two years ago when a tabloid published a photo of her and gave her weight as pounds . i was like , how dare you i m not pounds !"
"over the course of a year , i dropped about pounds , curtis says ."
"now , i get up at a . m . every day , filled with energy . i play tennis three times a week , and i do yoga ."
japanese star daisuke matsuzaka and his teammates were a little weary from the long flight as they made their way to the hotel .
"red sox president larry lucchino says the players are tired , but looking forward to playing some baseball ."
"moscow , russia cnn a russian man is accused of murdering a hairdresser over the price of a haircut ."
prosecutors said year old vadim tikhonov killed the woman who cut his hair in a siberian barber shop when she tried to stop him from walking out without paying after complaining that rubles . was too much .
"they said he grabbed a hammer and hit her on the head , then took out his knife and stabbed her times ."
the omsk region prosecutor s office said tikhonov was arrested a month after the october killing .
"it said he told police he killed the woman because he did not want to pay for the haircut , and did not have the money ."
"beijing , china cnn among all the protests , pollution concerns and talk of boycotts surrounding the beijing olympics , a more basic problem has arisen for organizers the toilets ."
"at the more than test events held by organizers , the presence of squat toilets at many of the new and renovated venues has drawn frequent complaints ."
"we have asked the venues to improve on this , to increase the number to sit down toilets , yao hui , deputy director of venue management for the beijing organizers , said wednesday . many people have raised the question of toilets ."
the issue came up again over the weekend when the san diego padres played the los angeles dodgers at the new olympic baseball venue .
"the portable toilets trucked in were of the style used widely in asia , but rarely in the west ."
"yao suggested it would be difficult to change every permanent toilet in the venues , of which are in beijing ."
"so he said the focus would be on satisfying three groups of visitors athletes , journalists and the olympic family , meaning primarily vips ."
"he said renovation was underway at the three most striking venues for the olympics , the , seat bird s nest national stadium , the water cube and the national indoor stadium ."
he said most of the toilets there should be the sit down style .
"beijing is expecting about , foreigners to attend the august games ."
"most of the chinese people are used to the squat toilet , but nowadays more and more people demand sit down toilets , yao said . however , it will take some time for this transition ."
"beijing is reported to be spending at least billion on the venues and related infrastructure , all designed to feature a modern country that has grown in three decades to a political and economic powerhouse ."
"i believe the olympic games will be a great opportunity for us to speed up this transition , yao said . i believe the situation will get better and better ."
"cnn a total of four earthquakes the strongest of them a powerful . magnitude quake hit western china on friday , the u . s . geological survey reported ."
the chinese seismological network also reported the quakes estimating the initial quake at . on the richter scale and reporting a fifth tremor about two hours afterward .
"there were no immediate reports of damage or fatalities , a spokeswoman for the seismological network said ."
"she said the quake happened in yutian county , a remote region in the kunlun mountains far from any residential areas ."
"the quakes hit the border area of western china s xinjiang and xizang regions starting at about a . m . local time , according to the usgs ."
their epicenters were all at least six miles under the earth s surface .
the usgs considers earthquakes between . and . to be major earthquakes .
"the temblor was followed about minutes later by a magnitude . aftershock , according to the usgs ."
"paris , france cnn a french woman severely disfigured by facial tumors has been found dead just two days after a court rejected her request for an assisted suicide ."
medical examiners were thursday looking into the death of year old chantal sebire whose case had prompted nominally roman catholic france to reexamine its stance on euthanasia to determine whether anything illegal had taken place .
it was not immediately clear how sebire died .
"the dijon prosecutor has also opened an investigation into her death , although it has not yet been determined that an autopsy will take place , according to the prosecutor s office ."
"sebire had suffered from esthesioneuroblastoma , a rare and incurable form of cancer for eight years , developing tumors in her nasal passages and sinuses that distorted her face and caused her nose and eyes to bulge ."
"the woman from dijon , in eastern france , said drugs were ineffective against the excruciating pain caused by the condition and there was no reason doctors should not be permitted to hasten her death ."
"some of my bones are eaten into . i don t have any more upper and lower jaws , she said in an interview last month , according to an associated press translation ."
sebire insisted there was no reason her doctors should not be permitted to help her commit suicide .
"i ask to be helped to die because i don t want this tumor to have the last word . i didn t fight for seven and a half years to have it having the last word , she said in the february interview , according to the associated press translation ."
"assisted suicide is illegal in france , however ."
"the law permits only passive euthanasia removing feeding and hydration tubes when a person is in a coma , or inducing a coma and then removing the tubes ."
"sebire s lawyer had tried to convince a french court that it was barbaric to put her through the ordeal of dying slowly in an artificial coma , something that could take up to two weeks while her three children looked on in anguish ."
the court turned down the appeal monday .
"at the same time , sebire wrote a letter to french president nicolas sarkozy appealing for help , but he responded by suggesting top doctors should reexamine her for a second opinion ."
"her plight and the questions it raised caused so much public debate in france that when sebire was found dead wednesday night , it made front page news in heavyweight papers including le figaro and le parisien ."
david beckham has been recalled to the england squad and is set to win his th cap in the prestige friendly international against france next wednesday .
"new england coach fabio capello left the football icon out of his first match against switzerland , citing his lack of match fitness , but has relented for the testing match at the stade de france against the world cup runners up ."
"beckham , , takes his place in an initial strong squad which will be whittled down to after this weekend s premier league matches ."
arsenal youngster theo walcott also wins a recall to the senior squad while middlesbrough defender david wheater is a surprise inclusion .
"chelsea s john terry and frank lampard , who both missed the switzerland win ,"
"are included after recovering from injuries , but there is no place for manchester united s highly rated young goalkeeper ben foster ."
"beckham was back in action for his major league soccer side los angeles galaxy against dallas in a pre season friendly last week , but , if selected , will go into the match with no competitive action under his belt since last autumn ."
"he s a great player and i think he would help any national team in the world , said lalas ."
"cnn the vast majority of africans have no access to a toilet , according to preliminary data from a world health organization report to be published later this year ."
the who unicef joint monitoring program for water supply and sanitation said the data shows percent of africans and . billion people worldwide have no toilet at home and thus are vulnerable to a range of health risks .
sanitation is a cornerstone of public health said who s director general dr . margaret chan .
"improved sanitation contributes enormously to human health and well being , especially for girls and women ."
"we know that simple , achievable interventions can reduce the risk of contracting diarrheal disease by a third ."
"the use of toilets and hand washing with soap prevents the transfer of bacteria , viruses and parasites that might otherwise contaminate water supplies , soil and food ."
"nearly percent of the world s population lacks access to toilets , and the dignity and safety that they provide , said ann m . veneman , unicef executive director ."
"the absence of adequate sanitation has a serious impact on health and social development , especially for children ."
"european markets were jittery again thursday following losses earlier in the week , while us shares played more positively and asia markets continued to showed marked contrasts ."
"in europe , the ftse closed down . points or . percent at , , while the french cac fell . percent or . points to , ."
"in germany the dax ended the day at , , dropping . or . per cent"
"wall street played more positively , with the dow jones closing up . or . percent at , and the nasdaq up . percent or . points to , by gmt ."
"in asia stocks swung heavily thursday , with hong kong s hang seng falling sharply by . points or . percent to , ."
"in contrast the nikkei was up . percent or . points to , ."
"in china , the shanghai composite index ended the day up . percent or points at , although at one point it fell to , , it s lowest point for more than nine months ."
several markets were shut thursday due to public holiday .
"it was the first explosion in kilauea s main halemaumau crater since , scattering debris over about acres , said jim kauahikaua , scientist in charge at hawaiian volcano observatory on the big island ."
"the , foot volcano has been erupting from fissures along its side steadily for more than a quarter century ."
"hawaii volcanoes national park draws thousands of people daily , with a visitors center and lodge near the crater rim ."
no lava erupted as part of the a . m . explosion .
"that suggests it was caused by hydrothermal or gas buildup , kauahikaua said ."
"scientists monitoring the summit say that there s a remote possibility of an eruption inside the half mile wide crater , but that it s unlikely because other indicators of an eruption aren t present ."
"the explosion followed three months of increased activity in the crater , which has been releasing high levels of sulfur dioxide and carbon dioxide , said observatory geochemist jeff sutton ."
"the park had previously closed a part of the road near the gas emissions , and that area was expanded wednesday following the explosion ."
officials shut off the road at the kilauea military camp toward the jaggar museum and observatory . only volcano employees were allowed inside that part of the park .
rocks shot from the explosion damaged a wooden fence that visitors used to peer into the crater and created hazards across roads and paths .
al jazeera broadcast on thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as osama bin laden declares iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
the voice calls on muslims in neighboring countries to do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in iraq .
"my speech to you is about the siege of gaza and the way to liberate it , he said ."
"the gaza siege is a direct result of annapolis , he adds , apparently referring to the site of november s summit in annapolis , maryland , where israeli and palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two state plan ."
the speaker called for armed revolt in the middle east .
palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the christians and the jews .
"though the voice sounds like bin laden , cnn has not been able to confirm that it is him ."
"however , a radical islamist web site reported earlier wednesday that a statement from bin laden was coming soon ."
"bin laden , who was behind the terrorist network s september attacks , has been in hiding since the u . s . assault on afghanistan that followed those strikes ."
"his last public statement was an audio message issued in december , when he urged his followers in iraq to continue battling u . s . troops there ."
wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
"miami , florida cnn a woman on a boat died after a spotted eagle ray leaped from the water off the florida keys thursday and struck her , officials said ."
"the force of the blow pushed the woman backward and she died when she hit her head on the boat deck , officials said ."
"it s just as freakish of an accident as i have heard , said jorge pino of the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission . the chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened ."
"the commission identified the woman as judy kay zagorski , , of pigeon , michigan ."
"the woman was seated or standing in the front of the boat as her husband piloted the vessel at about mph out of a channel , pino said . the ray just actually popped up in front of the vessel , he said . the father had not even a second to react ."
"it happened instantly and the woman fell backwards and , unfortunately , died as a result of the collision ."
"the accident happened off the coast of marathon , about an hour s drive south of miami ."
"the woman , who was with her husband and children , was taken to the mariner hospital in tavernier , where she was pronounced dead ."
"pino said he had seen rays leap into the air , but added , it s very rare for them to collide with objects ."
"the spotted eagle ray weighed about to pounds and had a six foot wingspan , said pino ."
"spotted eagle rays can have a wingspan of up to feet and can weigh pounds , it said ."
sen . hillary clinton s bid for the white house suffered a blow thursday when michigan s state senate adjourned without passing a bill to schedule a new democratic primary .
the senate s inaction makes it nearly impossible that a re vote will occur .
"michigan held a primary in january , but the democratic national committee stripped the state of its delegates for scheduling the contests too early ."
"sen . barack obama , in an interview with cnn s larry king thursday , responded to the michigan decision ."
"we re going to abide by whatever rules the democratic national committee puts forward , as we ve done from the start , obama said . but i think that there should be some way for us to make sure that they re seated , figure out how their votes should count ."
i m confident that some solution can be resolved that makes sure that they re represented .
"when asked if he thinks there could be chaos at the dnc convention in denver in august , obama said he believed it would be resolved by then ."
"i m confident that democrats will come together , because we recognize there s so much at stake , obama said ."
"the clinton camp , in particular , had been pushing for a re vote because it believed the new york senator would have done well , and it viewed the re vote as an opportunity to narrow the lead that obama has built up in the delegate count ."
clinton won the michigan primary in january with percent of the vote .
she was the only major candidate on the ballot .
"dharamsala , india cnn tibet s spiritual leader thursday said he was powerless to stop anti chinese violence as authorities in beijing acknowledged for the first time that unrest had spread into neighboring chinese provinces ."
the official xinhua news agency said there were riots in tibetan inhabited areas in the provinces of sichuan and gansu . both provinces neighbor tibet .
the xinhua report blamed the incidents on supporters of the dalai lama .
"on thursday , xinhua quoted police as saying officers opened fire and wounded four rioters out of self defense on sunday in what it called tibetan inhabited aba county in southwestern sichuan province ."
the number of people killed in the violence remained in dispute .
"the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by police , but local authorities and xinhua said only people died ."
"on wednesday , new video suggested that security forces in tibet had yet to gain control of tibet and neighboring provinces which have suffered eruptions of anti chinese violence since last week ."
"chinese authorities have arrested dozens of people and nearly more surrendered to police for their admitted involvement in the deadly violence , xinhua reported ."
"sen . hillary clinton was in the white house on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with monica lewinsky , according to newly released documents ."
"the national archives on wednesday released more than , pages of clinton s schedule when she was first lady ."
"sen . barack obama s campaign pushed for the documents release , arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of clinton s experience as first lady ."
but the documents also provide a glimpse into clinton s life during her husband s publicized affair .
"the scandal involving former president bill clinton and lewinsky , first broke in the national media on january , ."
"according to the documents , hillary clinton started that day at a private meeting in the white house ."
"she later made an appearance at a college in baltimore , maryland , and stayed there until late in the afternoon before returning to the white house for a black tie dinner ."
"the schedules reveal where clinton was , but provide no indication of how she dealt with the controversy ."
"the documents cover nearly , days ."
"an additional days will be posted in the near future , the archives said ."
"rafael nadal came back to win the final five games and beat jo wilfried tsonga on wednesday in an intense , crowd pleasing rematch of their australian open semifinal ."
"nadal , the defending indian wells champion , avenged his lopsided loss in melbourne with a scrappy victory in the fourth round of the pacific life open ."
"top seed roger federer , bidding for his fourth indian wells title in five years , cruised to a victory over ivan ljubicic to also move into the quarterfinals ."
"james blake and mardy fish , the two u . s . players remaining in the men s competition , each won to advance to the quarterfinals ."
"blake took a victory over richard gasquet , and fish beat two time indian wells champion lleyton hewitt ."
"after tsonga , a hard hitting frenchman , went up in the third set , nadal held serve the rest of the way and broke tsonga s serve in the ninth and th games to take a lead . with the crowd beginning to cheer even as he set up for the shot , the spaniard capped the match by slamming an overhead past tsonga ."
"out for revenge , but acknowledged that the match was significant in another way ."
"he believes tsonga has the potential to move into the top three or four spots , saying , he has an unbelievable forehand ."
"maria sharapova ran her record to and gained the women s semifinals on wednesday with a , victory over defending champion daniela hantuchova ."
"sharapova won the tournament in , and hantuchova has taken the title twice , the first time in ."
"second seeded kuznetsova , trying to return to the final for a second straight year , lost to radwanska in the australian open third round but made sure there would be no repeat this time ."
"the russian jumped out to in the first set , and after losing her serve to love for in the second , broke back immediately and served out ."
"los angeles , california cnn stop that million check it turns out the call girl linked to eliot spitzer had already shed her clothes for girls gone wild as an year old while partying in miami , florida , the video company s founder said tuesday ."
"joe francis reached out to ashley alexandra dupre , now , with an offer of million to appear in a non nude spread for his company s new magazine , plus a chance to join the girls gone wild tour bus , his company announced tuesday ."
did anyone think to check the archives ?
"it ll save me a million bucks , francis said tuesday ."
it s kind of like finding a winning lottery ticket in the cushions of your couch .
"francis said at that point , his offer was off the table"
"he said his employees got to work on pulling the footage and planned to offer it on the web site by tuesday evening , with a free sampling on the front page and the rest available with a . monthly subscription ."
"according to a girls gone wild press release , dupre visited miami in to celebrate her th birthday . after fighting with a friend and getting thrown out of her hotel , dupre found a nearby girls gone wild bus , the company said ."
"she signed legal papers and spent a full week on the bus , filming seven full length tapes that included nudity and same sex encounters , according to the company ."
"i personally ended up buying her a greyhound bus ticket back home to north carolina , francis said ."
"kuwait s leader dissolved parliament on wednesday and called for early elections , after the cabinet resigned this week following a power struggle with the government ."
"new elections have been set for may , according to kuwait s state run news agency , kuna ."
"according to kuwait s constitution , elections must be held within days of dissolving parliament ."
"kuwait s parliament , made up mostly of opposition politicians , has been locked in a feud with the government which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power ."
"al sabah said he tried to get lawmakers and government ministers to reconcile their differences , but they only inflamed the situation through their statements to the media ."
south korea s food authorities will send a fact finding mission to a chinese factory that produces a popular snack food found to contain a suspected rat s head .
the korea food and drug administration said thursday it will send investigators to the factory that produces popular shrimp crackers for south korea s leading processed food company nongshim after the suspected animal part was found .
nongshim has apologized for the incident and is recalling the snack from shops across south korea .
pakistan s new parliament elected the country s first female speaker wednesday from the party of assassinated opposition leader benazir bhutto .
"bhutto s pakistan people s party came in on top in february elections and is preparing to lead a new coalition government united against u . s . backed president pervez musharraf , whose supporters were routed in the polls ."
"still , her party has yet to resolve a potentially damaging wrangle over who should be the next prime minister ."
"bhutto s son and political heir flew to pakistan on wednesday to help resolve the matter . the elevation of the year old mirza , who bears a striking resemblance to bhutto , was a formality"
she was nominated by her party the day before .
"as the result was read out , lawmakers slapped their desks loudly by way of applause ."
"mirza stood , smiled modestly and repeatedly touched her forehead in a gesture of thanks to her peers ."
"elahi , whose party is musharraf s main political prop , pledged his full cooperation in the assembly ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn two communist party workers and a candidate for a small leftist political party were killed less than a month before a historic vote in nepal , police said wednesday ."
"gunmen raided the home of national people s front candidate kamal prasad adhikari , shooting him four times tuesday night after he refused to come out of the house in the southeastern town of nepalganj , police said ."
he died in a hospital wednesday morning .
the killing came after the european union and the united nations expressed concerns about pre election violence in nepal .
"the election will set the makeup of nepal s member constituent assembly , which will decide the fate of the country s monarchy and prepare a new constitution ."
"the u . n . mission in nepal , which is helping the country s effort to hold fair elections , expressed its deep concern over adhikari s killing ."
"violence and threats against candidates represent a serious obstacle to the creation of a free and fair atmosphere for the election , and all efforts"
"a police official said the killing is under investigation . but according to local reports , janatantrik terai mukti morcha claimed responsibility for the attack ."
it is one of the largest and oldest armed groups pushing for the rights of the ethnic madhesi people in southern nepal .
"adhikari was to represent the national people s front , also known as rastriya jana morcha a splinter group of the communist party of nepal in the april vote ."
"foreign minister masahiko komura appointed the popular cartoon robot cat as anime ambassador , handing a human sized doraemon doll an official certificate at an inauguration ceremony , along with dozens of dorayaki red bean pancakes his favorite dessert piled on a huge plate ."
"komura told the doll , with an unidentified person inside , that he hoped he would widely promote japanese animated cartoons , or anime ."
"doraemon , i hope you will travel around the world as an anime ambassador to deepen people s understanding of japan so they will become friends with japan , komura told the blue and white cat ."
the appointment is part of japan s recent effort to harness the power of pop culture in diplomacy .
"this year , the ministry plans to arrange showings of a doraemon film in singapore , china , spain , france , and at other japanese diplomatic missions around the world ."
"doraemon , through voice actress wasabi mizuta , promised komura that through my cartoons , i hope to convey to people abroad what ordinary japanese people think , our lifestyles and what kind of future we want to build ."
"created by cartoonist fujiko f . fujio , doraemon is a japanese cultural icon and is popular around the world , especially in asia ."
"the robotic cat travels back in time from the nd century and uses gadgets such as a time machine and an anywhere door that come out of a fourth dimensional pocket on his stomach to help his friends , allowing them to travel anywhere and to any time they wish ."
"astro boy , another cartoon icon , was named last november as ambassador for overseas safety ."
"kinshasa , congo cnn a park ranger has been arrested for allegedly masterminding the massacre of endangered mountain gorillas , conservationists said wednesday ."
"honore mashagiro , a ranger in congo s virunga national park , is the chief suspect in the slaying last summer of gorillas who belonged to a group known to environmentalists as the rugendo family ."
"mashagiro is accused of arranging the mass killing to deter conservationists who were trying to prevent the destruction of the animals rainforest habitat , the international conservation group wildlifedirect said ."
"loggers cut down the forest s trees to make charcoal , a lucrative business ."
"this threatened the gorilla habitat , so when the rangers tried to protect the forest , he allegedly orchestrated the gorilla massacres to discourage them , the group said ."
"only about mountain gorillas remain in the world , an estimated of them in the virunga range ."
about are believed to live on the congo side of the border .
"virunga national park is located in a lawless swath of eastern congo , bordering rwanda and uganda , that the country s government has struggled to bring under control for years ."
"established in as africa s first national park , it was classified as a u . n . world heritage site in ."
wildlifedirect called the arrest of mashagiro a major breakthrough and said his pending prosecution is a moment of hope for all of us .
"toronto , canada cnn a canadian university ruled tuesday against expelling a first year engineering student accused of cheating through an online study group on facebook ."
chris avenir s apparent exhortation to fellow ryerson university engineering students to input solutions to assignment problems on the social networking site raised the ire of a professor .
"on tuesday , the year old was told that while he wouldn t be expelled he would receive a zero on the assignment section of the chemistry course , which was worth percent of his final grade ."
"despite that , avenir still passed the course ."
"the case captured headlines around the world , with bloggers debating whether web postings constituted cheating ."
"chris in our view is still innocent , so it is still too bad that he got zero for that percent , said nora loreto , president of the ryerson students union ."
"but considering we were facing expulsion i think this is a victory , certainly a broader victory for the students at ryerson ."
"last term , avenir became administrator of the online group dungeons mastering chemistry solutions ."
"in all , classmates used the group to swap tips on assignments ."
avenir s supporters argued the online group he ran was no different from any kind of homework help or tutoring circle .
"earlier , london s ftse ended down amid banking sector fears"
"the slides came on top of plunging oil and gold prices , and just a day after a u . s . federal reserve rate cut aimed at lifting some of the economic gloom ."
"the dow slid . points , or . percent , to close at . the nasdaq and s p suffered similar percentage losses ."
the dow slumped after investors initially tried to push stocks higher in the morning on better than expected earnings from morgan stanley .
"this is standard profit taking after a rally , said dave rovelli , managing director of u . s . equity trading at canaccord adams ."
"he told cnnmoney . com that although the fed news from the previous session and the financial news from wednesday s session were positive , credit crisis fears remain ."
britain s biggest mortgage lender halifax bank of scotland saw shares dive nearly percent at one point before recovering as the bank robustly denied rumors of liquidity problems that revived fears over the impact of the global credit crunch .
"early gains , mirroring a bounce in asian stocks , were lost as the market fell flat , leaving london s ftse index . points down at at gmt as retailers warned of tough conditions ."
"the french cac and german dax also fell slightly , down . percent and . percent respectively ."
"london , england cnn the parents of missing madeleine mccann have accepted pound , . million libel damages and an apology over stories published in two british newspapers that alleged they were involved in the disappearance or death of the girl ."
"in a statement read by the couple s spokesman , clarence mitchell , outside the high court in london on wednesday , the mccanns said they were pleased that express newspapers have today admitted the utter falsity of the numerous grotesque and grossly defamatory allegations that their titles published ."
the mccanns accepted the damages and the couple said the money will go towards the find madeleine campaign .
"the daily express and daily star , both owned by express newspapers , printed an apology on the front page of their wednesday editions apologizing to kate and gerry mccann for suggesting the couple was responsible for the death of their daughter ."
"the newspapers said there was no evidence to back up a series of articles they printed alleging the parents had a role in their daughter s disappearance or death . kate and gerry are completely innocent of any involvement in their daughter s disappearance , the newspapers wrote ."
both papers said they had paid substantial sums to madeleine s fund as a way of expressing their regret .
"the fund is a nonprofit company that says it was set up to help find madeleine , support her parents and bring to justice anyone who played a role in her disappearance ."
"kate and gerry , we are truly sorry to have added to your distress , the daily express wrote . we assure you that we hope madeleine will one day be found alive and well and will be restored to her loving family ."
"just percent of americans approve of how president bush is handling his job , according to a poll released wednesday , the fifth anniversary of the start of the iraq war ."
sixty seven percent of those questioned in a cnn opinion research corporation survey disapprove of the president s performance .
"the percent approval number is a new low for bush in cnn polling , and points lower than the president s number at the start of the iraq war ."
"bush s approval rating five years ago , at the start of the iraq war , was percent , and that point drop is almost identical to the drop president lyndon johnson faced during the vietnam war , said cnn polling director keating holland ."
"johnson s approval rating was percent just before congress passed the gulf of tonkin resolution in , which effectively authorized the vietnam war . four years later , his approval was down to percent , a point drop that is statistically identical to what bush has faced so far over the length of the iraq war , he said ."
"predictably , democrats and republicans don t see eye to eye when it comes to bush"
"percent of republicans approve of bush s job performance , while just percent of democrats do ."
the president s approval rating has been below percent since october and has not cracked percent since september .
"still , bush s approval number is still better than the lowest number for his father , george h . w . bush , who bottomed out at percent in july"
lame duck presidents presiding over unpopular wars or struggling economies have gotten low approval ratings in the past . holland said .
"by contrast , lame ducks like ronald reagan , dwight eisenhower and bill clinton had robust approval ratings in their final years in office , but each one was presiding over good economic times and a country at peace ."
"the cnn opinion research corporation poll was conducted by telephone with , adult americans from friday through sunday ."
"cnn a new statement attributed to al qaeda leader osama bin laden condemns european countries for siding with the united states in afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to islam s prophet , mohammed ."
"this is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , the speaker in the five minute audio recording says ."
the identity of the speaker could not be independently determined .
"however , a radical islamist web site reported earlier wednesday that a statement from bin laden was coming shortly ."
"bin laden , who was behind the terrorist network s september attacks , has been in hiding since the u . s . assault on afghanistan that followed those strikes ."
"his last public statement was an audio message issued in december , when he urged his followers in iraq to continue battling u . s . troops there ."
wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
new video from china suggests that security forces have yet to gain complete control of tibet and neighboring provinces which have suffered eruptions of anti chinese violence since last week .
film of a crowd some on horseback attempting to storm a government building has been shot by a canadian television crew that managed to gain access to a chinese town in gansu province despite attempts by chinese authorities to keep foreign media away from the region .
meanwhile uk prime minister gordon brown has said chinese premier wen jiabao says he is ready to talk to the dalai lama if the tibetan spiritual leader renounces violence and demands for tibetan independence .
"brown said he spoke with wen on wednesday , pressing his government for constraint in dealing with the protesters ."
but chinese officials hold firm in their stance that the dalai lama masterminded the violence to undermine the beijing olympics and that he has demanded tibetan independence .
wen on tuesday called the dalai lama s renunciations nothing but lies .
"the dalai lama , who threatened tuesday to resign as leader of tibet s government in exile if the violence got out of control , met wednesday with leaders of several tibetan activist groups ."
"the younger activists , in defiance of their pacifist spiritual leader , demand tibetan independence and are hoping to derail the beijing olympics ."
the head of the beijing olympics said efforts by tibetan activists to promote an international boycott of the summer games are doomed to failure .
he also rejected demands by tibetan activists that the olympic torch relay be routed away from tibet .
artists and other creative types are having their way with hotel rooms and they re thinking way outside the box .
"amsterdam , netherlands the winston"
"located in the red light district on the oldest street in amsterdam , the winston , now owned by the english hotel group st . christopher s , has quite a past ."
"the previous owner , the late frans verlinden , cultivated a bohemian atmosphere in the s and s , with hookers , journalists , filmmakers , but most of all , artists as frequent guests , explains manager donald kauwoh ."
verlinden spearheaded the art hotel trend and hired artist aldert mantje to select colleagues to decorate rooms and install temporary exhibits .
"the anime inspired playnation room , by adriaan koster and menno schenk , sports psychedelic swirls and patterns on the walls , and a giant d gold robot in the corner ."
singapore the new majestic
"when hotelier loh lik peng renovated a hotel built from four chinatown shop houses in , he collaborated with the asian art options collective to find artists to paint murals in all rooms ."
justin lee riffs off pop culture in three of the rooms .
the one titled da jie big sister features mickey mouse ears containing double happiness symbols .
"nice , france the windsor"
"inspired by a belgian exhibition of artist decorated rooms , bernard redolfi commissioned one artist a year to transform one of the windsor s rooms ."
"the hotel is now owned by his niece odile payen redolfi , who continues the tradition ."
"so far , of the rooms have received the treatment ."
"french photographer raymond hains lived in room for three years when he left in , he installed a portrait of himself taken there ."
"in room , ben vautier spray painted phrases in french such as i dreamed that i fell in love with the stranger in room in red , yellow , and blue on the walls ."
"moves to punish china over its handling of violence in tibet gained momentum tuesday , with a novel suggestion for a mini boycott of the beijing olympics by vips at the opening ceremony ."
such a protest by world leaders would be a huge slap in the face for china s communist leadership .
"france s outspoken foreign minister , former humanitarian campaigner bernard kouchner , said the idea is interesting ."
kouchner said he wants to discuss it with other foreign ministers from the nation european union next week .
"the idea of skipping the august opening ceremony is less negative than a general boycott , kouchner said . we are considering it ."
"asked about kouchner s statement , china s u . n . ambassador wang guangya said"
certainly i think what he said is not shared by most of the people in the world .
prince charles already has said he will skip the olympics .
"he supports tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama , who has been living in exile since an uprising against chinese rule in ."
"international olympic committee president jacques rogge said last month that he expects many heads of state including president bush , german chancellor angela merkel and french president nicolas sarkozy to attend the opening ceremony ."
u . s . olympic committee spokesman darryl seibel said there are no rules forcing athletes to attend opening ceremonies .
"we strongly encourage our athletes to participate in opening ceremonies , seibel said . it is a tremendous honor to walk into the olympic stadium behind the flag of your nation , and to do so in a ceremony honoring and celebrating athletes from around the world ."
"cnn choking back tears , the president of east timor said goodbye wednesday to the australian hospital staff who took care of him for five weeks following an assassination attempt at home ."
"president jose ramos horta , , looked thin and walked gingerly as he left the hospital where he had been recuperating after rebels shot him in the back during a coordinated attack in east timor s capital , dili , on february ."
"ramos horta said he expects to stay in australia for a few more days so doctors can monitor his progress . he intends to return to his country in a few weeks time , he said ."
"the president told hospital staff that he remembered every detail from the moment he was shot , the australian associated press reported ."
"on the way to the heliport i fell off the chair a few times because there were no belts , the national news agency quoted ramos horta as saying ."
authorities blamed the attack on rebel soldiers led by leader maj . alfredo reinado .
"he was killed in the assault , along with another attacker and a presidential bodyguard ."
about east timorese soldiers were dismissed in march after they went on strike against alleged discrimination in the military .
"reinado , the australian trained former head of east timor s military police , joined the revolt and became its leader ."
"he was later captured , but broke out of prison and returned to lead disaffected troops ."
the coordinated attack on february also targeted the country s prime minister xanana gusmao the same day . he escaped unhurt .
"after the assassination attempt , australia sent more than troops and police to help stabilize east timor ."
ramos horta shared the nobel peace prize in for his work on behalf of the east timorese people during the country s quarter century occupation by indonesia .
"as he left the hospital wednesday , the president issued this appeal to his countrymen"
"my message to my people , the people back home , is please forgo violence , hatred , with weapons , with machete , with arson , he said . we only destroy each other , destroy the country ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s upper house of parliament voted down the nomination of former finance ministry bureaucrat koji tanami as central bank chief , leaving that seat vacant from wednesday for the first time since world war ii ."
"the ruling coalition tuesday proposed tanami , , now governor of japan bank for international cooperation , to head the bank of japan ."
"the opposition , which controls the upper house of parliament , then announced it would veto him ."
"the political deadlock is a major embarrassment for prime minister yasuo fukuda s government , which has faced calls to show leadership as the stewards of the world s second largest economy amid rising worries of a global financial downturn ."
"the upper house rejected tanami in a vote , the second time in a week that the opposition rejected a government backed candidate for bank of japan head ."
"last week , the opposition , led by the democrats , rejected the government s first pick , bank of japan deputy governor toshiro muto also because he was a former ministry of finance bureaucrat ."
the confrontation has brewed for weeks .
"the world s second largest economy is in danger of slipping into a recession after six years of moderate growth , battered by the plunging dollar , volatile stock markets and soaring oil prices ."
the five year term of current bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui ends wednesday .
"five years after he green lighted the war in iraq , president bush will mark the anniversary by calling the debate over the conflict understandable but insisting that a continued u . s . presence there is crucial ."
"the answers are clear to me , bush says , according to excerpts of his speech to be delivered at the pentagon on wednesday , the day the war began in ."
"removing saddam hussein from power was the right decision , and this is a fight america can and must win ."
"almost , american troops have died in the war , a painful toll that bush acknowledges in his remarks ."
"no one would argue that this war has not come at a high cost in lives and treasure , but those costs are necessary when we consider the cost of a strategic victory for our enemies in iraq ."
bush contends that the troop surge he ordered in january has been a success and was necessary at a point when the fight in iraq was faltering .
"for the terrorists , iraq was supposed to be the place where al qaeda rallied arab masses to drive america out . instead , iraq has become the place where arabs joined with americans to drive al qaeda out ."
"still , large scale attacks by terrorists and insurgent groups continue in iraq ."
"bombings killed six iraqis and wounded in northeastern baghdad and mosul on tuesday , and the death toll from a monday suicide bombing in karbala rose to ."
"in the excerpts , bush acknowledges critics of the war including democratic presidential candidates barack obama and hillary clinton and says that they can no longer credibly argue that we are losing in iraq , so now they argue the war costs too much ."
"recently , two economists wrote a column suggesting that the war in iraq will wind up costing the united states more than trillion ."
"paris , france cnn the french trader accused of massive fraud at banking giant societe generale has been released from prison following a court order in paris earlier tuesday ."
jerome kerviel had been in jail for more than a month while investigators probe societe generale s trading losses of more than . billion .
"the bank attributed the losses to fraud by kerviel , who traded european index futures for the bank ."
"however , he has now been released under conditions which restrict him from leaving the paris region , the associated press reported ."
"while out of paris grim lasante prison , kerviel will be under judicial control , cnn s jim bittermann said before his release ."
the judge can restrict kerviel s movements or who he talks to .
prosecutors have said they wanted to keep kerviel jailed to prevent him from speaking to accomplices .
a date for his trial has not been set .
french authorities detained another trader on march as part of the case but released him without charge the next day .
"a lawyer for kerviel , guillaume selnet , said the detention of the second trader was merely a tactic by investigators to make the case seem larger than it really is ."
"selnet pointed out that authorities briefly detained another trader last month , shortly before kerviel s previous detention hearing ."
"they are doing exactly the same thing now , which is simply putting up a smokescreen immediately before the hearing in order to make people believe that jerome has accomplices that have not been identified , selnet told cnn last week ."
"an interim report from independent board members at societe generale concluded that kerviel alone was responsible for the losses , which the bank announced in january ."
kerviel has been charged with abuse of confidence and illegal use of computers for his role in the losses but has not been charged with fraud .
"jerusalem cnn german chancellor angela merkel told israel of germany s holocaust shame , and asserted its support for the jewish state during an unprecedented speech to the knesset on tuesday ."
"germany and israel are linked in a very special way by the memory of the holocaust , in which million jews were killed under nazi germany and its allies in world war ii , she said in the first address a german chancellor has ever made to the knesset ."
i bow my head before the survivors and i bow my head before you in tribute to the fact that you were able to survive .
"anti semitism , racism and xenophobia must never take root again in germany or in europe , she said , and vowed to battle any flare ups ."
"speaking to the knesset , angela merkel also spoke of germany s unwavering support for israel calling the iranian president s nuclear ambitions a major danger not only to israel , but to the world as well ."
"iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has said his country s nuclear program is intended for peaceful purposes only , but merkel told the israeli parliament that he needs to provide clear evidence supporting that assertion ."
"merkel said she supports the two state solution to the mideast conflict , discussed last november by the key parties in annapolis , maryland ."
it calls for israelis and palestinians to live side by side in separate states .
"she called rocket attacks by palestinians into israel a crime , and said they do nothing to solve the conflict ."
but she noted that effecting a two state solution would require strength to make painful compromises .
"more than people surrendered themselves to police and admitted involvement in the deadly clashes last week between police and anti chinese protesters in the tibetan capital of lhasa , according to china s state run xinhua news agency ."
the number of people killed in friday s clashes remained in dispute .
"the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by lhasa police , but local authorities and xinhua said only people died ."
"those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying ."
"doje cering , , told xinhua he smashed a red car and a white van with stones during the protests ."
he said he was drunk at home when he heard someone shouting at him to get out or they would burn down his house .
he told xinhua he blindly followed them .
"baema chilain , vice chairman of the regional government , told xinhua some people had turned in money they had looted ."
"a preliminary investigation showed the violence caused losses exceeding . million yuan , or about million , as of tuesday night , xinhua said , citing the regional department of commerce ."
"kenyan lawmakers unanimously approved a power sharing deal tuesday aimed at salvaging a country once seen as one of the most stable and prosperous in africa , bringing together two men whose dispute over the presidency unleashed weeks of deadly violence ."
"under the deal approved tuesday , odinga will fill a newly created post of prime minister ."
"let us make up our minds , kibaki told lawmakers tuesday in urging them to pass the deal , saying the agreement was necessary to rebuild the nation ."
"more than , people died and a half million displaced from their homes in the violence ."
"much of the violence was ethnic , pitting other tribes against kibaki s kikuyu , long resented for their dominance of politics and business here ."
odinga will likely be sworn in within days .
"the men agreed to share power february under mounting pressure from leaders in africa and beyond , including the united states , which issued veiled threats about its future relationship with kenya s leaders ."
"the leaders now must try to heal a divided nation , as well as restore one of africa s most promising economies ."
"kenya , one of the most tourist friendly countries in africa , has seen up to billion in losses linked to the turmoil ."
"sen . barack obama in a speech tuesday addressed the controversy surrounding his former minister , using it as an opportunity to challenge americans to take a closer look at race relations ."
"wright recently retired as pastor of trinity united church of christ in chicago , where the senator from illinois worships ."
some of wright s old sermons came under fire after a news report last week turned some of his most controversial comments into a youtube phenomenon .
"in one , the minister said america had brought the september attacks upon itself ."
"in another , he said sen . hillary clinton had an advantage over obama because she is white ."
"speaking before a relatively small , diverse crowd , obama emphasized his upbringing as the son of a black man from kenya and a white woman from kansas ."
"unlike many of obama s campaign events where he generally appears onstage backed by an overflow crowd of supporters this time obama took the stage alone , backed by a row of u . s . flags ."
"i will never forget that in no other country on earth is my story even possible , he said . it s a story that hasn t made me the most conventional candidate ."
"but it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts that out of many , we are truly one ."
"the u . s . federal reserve cut a key short term interest rate by three quarters of a percentage point tuesday . the federal funds rate , an overnight bank lending rate that affects how much interest consumers pay on credit cards , home equity lines of credit and auto loans , was cut to . percent ."
"reaction to the fed announcement was initially tepid as investors were betting on a full percent cut , but by the end of the day the dow had risen another points to close up at ."
"after a little pullback , said matt king , chief investment officer at bell investment advisors ."
it is the sixth cut in the past six months and comes at a time when the fed is trying to keep the u . s . economy from slipping into recession although many think it s already entered one .
interest rate cuts are usually viewed as beneficial for the economy since they typically lead to more lending .
but some experts think lower rates won t solve the credit crunch paralyzing wall street .
others are worried the rate cuts will cause a continued weakening in the value of the dollar and a further spike in commodity prices
"europe s main stock markets also rebounded after sharp losses the previous day , with london s ftse index jumping . percent by gmt ."
"the american embassy in yemen was the target of a mortar attack tuesday , the u . s . state department said , contradicting a suggestion from the yemeni government the attack targeted a school where were injured ."
"our conversations in yemen have led us to the conclusion that the attack was directed against our embassy , according to a statement released tuesday evening . since this is an ongoing investigation , we are not going to talk about the specifics of the case ."
"earlier , a source with knowledge of the circumstances surrounding tuesday s mortar attack in the capital city of san a but unauthorized to speak on the record told cnn there was a clear and strong indication the u . s . embassy was targeted ."
"my strong belief is that there is almost no doubt this is an effort directed at the u . s . embassy , the source said ."
"the yemeni government said the attack tuesday which injured students , three critically , at the seventh of july school for girls , near the embassy could have stemmed from a personal dispute involving the school s headmistress ."
"yemen s ambassador to the united states , abdulwahab abdulla al hajjri , said the attack was a private dispute ."
"the target was someone inside the school , al hajjri said . it had nothing to do with the u . s . embassy . the u . s . embassy was not a target ."
yemeni soldiers guarding the embassy were hurt in the attack . the u . s . embassy will be closed wednesday .
"yemeni president ali abdullah saleh condemned the attack and offered rewards to anyone who assists in the investigation , according to saba , yemen s official news agency ."
"cnn a ukrainian policeman has died of injuries sustained in clashes between serbian demonstrators and u . n . forces in kosovo , a u . n . spokesman said tuesday ."
"the policeman died late monday in a french military hospital , u . n . spokesman alexander ivanko said from pristina ."
the policeman was among about u . n . police who were hurt in the clashes earlier in the day .
"twelve soldiers from nato s force in kosovo , or kfor , were also hurt , ivanko said ."
"doctors have said that a serb protester is in a coma and suffering severe injuries to the brain after the clashes at a u . n . courthouse , ap added ."
"a local journalist said about others , mostly protesters , were taken to a hospital for treatment of shock , and a serb member of the kosovo police force was being treated for a gunshot wound ."
"mitrovica was calmer tuesday , u . n spokesman ivanko said ."
"it seems to be relatively quiet , he said . there was some rock throwing at kfor in north mitrovica . otherwise , everything s fine ."
the clashes began when the u . n . and nato forces tried to remove about serbian demonstrators who had taken over a u . n . building in north mitrovica a divided kosovo town where ethnic serbs control the northern half and ethnic albanians control the southern half .
"it was some of the worst violence since kosovo declared independence from serbia last month and led the united nations to withdraw its international police personnel from the area , leaving kfor in charge of security ."
"the serbs took control of the building friday and the united nations tried over the weekend to negotiate with them to leave , ivanko said ."
"the serbs had been told very clearly as early as sunday night that the u . n . forces would move in to take control , he said ."
"ivanko said the protesters also threw rocks , molotov cocktails , and firecrackers at police . nato troops responded with tear gas , ivanko said ."
the violence prompted the united nations to evacuate all international police personnel from northern mitrovica .
"jakarta , indonesia cnn indonesia has temporarily grounded all adam air flights starting wednesday because it says the discount airliner failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft ."
"the operational specification of adam air will be revoked . in effect , adam air will not be allowed to operate any airplanes effective a . m . wednesday , march , according to a statement from indonesia s civil aviation chief , budhi muliawan suyitno ."
"on january , , adam air flight crashed , killing all people on board ."
"for more than a week after the adam air flight disappeared off the radar screens , indonesian authorities scoured the mountainous terrain of western sulawesi province and the java sea for any sign of the missing aircraft , but found nothing ."
"the suspension will last for three months , according to bambang ervan , a spokesman for indonesia s air transport directorate ."
"adam air s permit was revoked because it failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft , including pilot training and supervision in accordance with standard operational procedures , ervan said ."
adam air ceo adam suherman told cnn the airline is not surprised by the air transport office s announcement .
"he said the airline had to suspend its operations tuesday morning because one of its main investors pulled out , causing the airliner financial problems ."
"cnn science fiction writer arthur c . clarke , who co wrote the epic film"
"a space odyssey and raised the idea of communications satellites in the s , has died at age , an associate said ."
"clarke had been wheelchair bound for several years with complications stemming from a youthful bout with polio and had suffered from back trouble recently , said scott chase , the secretary of the nonprofit arthur c . clarke foundation ."
"he died early wednesday at a hospital in colombo , sri lanka , where he had lived since the s , chase said ."
"he had been taken to hospital in what we had hoped was one of the slings and arrows of being , but in this case it was his final visit , he said ."
"as a royal air force officer during world war ii , clarke took part in the early development of radar ."
"in a paper written for the radio journal wireless world in , he suggested that artificial satellites hovering above fixed spot above earth could be used to relay telecommunications signals across the globe ."
"he is widely credited with introducing the idea of the communications satellite , the first of which were launched in the early s ."
"but he never patented the idea , prompting a essay that he subtitled , how i lost a billion dollars in my spare time ."
clarke wrote dozens of novels and collections of short stories and more than non fiction works during a career as a writer that began in the s .
he served as a television commentator during several of the apollo moon missions and co wrote a account of the first lunar landing with the apollo crew .
he was knighted in .
australian open semifinalist jelena jankovic reached the fourth round of the pacific life open on monday with a straight sets win over japanese veteran ai sugiyama .
"especially with the wind you cannot lose your concentration , because as soon as you do that you start making a lot of errors , and then you lose your rhythm , added jankovic , who said her four double faults in the second set were a direct result of the conditions ."
"i m healthy at the moment , and that s why you can see me smiling more on the court , compared to the beginning of the year , where i was not really being myself because i was hurt and i couldn t enjoy my game ."
"jankovic s compatriot ana ivanovic , the top seed , headlined women s action monday at the . million tournament that features both a wta tier one draw and an atp masters series event ."
"ivanovic , whose runner up finish to sharapova at the australian open propelled her to number two in the world , faces italy s tathiana garbin ."
"cnn a truck flipped on its side sunday on a highway in sacramento , california , and let loose its cargo of honey bees ."
"there was somewhere between six million and million of them running around out there , officer steve merchant of the california highway patrol told cnn ."
the bees stung cops and firefighters who tried to corral them .
they prompted authorities to warn drivers to roll up their windows and turn off their air conditioning lest a vent suck in a bee or two .
"people were being stung left and right , merchant said . it was an ugly , ugly scene ."
"the bees escaped from their crates when a big rig carrying more than colonies , or hives , flipped on its side on highway shortly before a . m ."
the colonies were packed in crates that were unloaded from the trailer and reloaded on to other trucks .
"officials do not yet know what caused the truck to turn on its side , but said they think the driver may have been driving too fast ."
"the load was bound for yakima , washington ."
"the bees had likely been used to help pollinate an almond orchard in sacramento , california , the sacramento bee newspaper said ."
"in the united states , the honeybee , the world s premier pollinator , experienced a dramatic percent decline , from nearly six million to less than two and a half million , in the last two decades ."
"in , for the first time in years , the united states was forced to import honeybees in order to meet its pollination demands ."
"back in sacramento , authorities had contained and cleaned up the mess by p . m ."
"they didn t know how many bees remained unaccounted for , but they were getting no calls from panicked motorists ."
"in this instance , merchant said , no news is good news ."
"madrid , spain cnn a drummer for the swedish pop group abba has died after an apparent accident at his home in spain , a civil guard spokeswoman said monday ."
"ola brunkert was found dead late sunday at his home in the town of arta on spain s mediterranean island of mallorca , the spokeswoman said ."
"police believe brunkert may have fallen against a glass partition separating his home s kitchen from the garden , and the glass broke and fatally cut his throat , she said ."
an official cause of death is pending until after an autopsy .
"brunkert , born in in sweden , played drums on abba s first single , people need love , according to abba s official web site ."
"he was not among the four best known members of abba whose faces adorned the album covers anni frid lyngstad , bjorn ulvaeus , benny andersson and agnetha faltskog but he was a key supporting musician for the group as it achieved stardom ."
"the group s hits included dancing queen , waterloo , take a chance on me and knowing me , knowing you ."
"ola toured with abba in , and , the official web site said . together with bass player rutger gunnarsson , ola is probably the only musician to appear on all abba albums he was one of the most frequently used swedish session musicians during the s ."
"karbala , iraq cnn a female suicide bomber apparently targeting shiite worshippers killed at least people and wounded at least in karbala on monday , according to an interior ministry official ."
the incident occurred one half mile from the imam hussein shrine of karbala .
"karbala is a shiite holy city , and the imam hussein shrine is one of shiite islam s holiest locations ."
"the shrine marks the burial spot of hussein bin ali , the grandson of the prophet mohammed , who was killed in battle nearby in ."
"no more information was immediately available about the blast southwest of the capital city , baghdad ."
"earlier monday , in baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded near an iraqi police patrol , killing one officer and wounding another , the interior ministry told cnn ."
"the first attack took place about a . m . in the upscale mansour neighborhood , where law enforcement officials have come under frequent attacks in recent weeks ."
", two american soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb north of baghdad , officials said ."
"the incident occurred about p . m . as the soldiers were conducting a route clearance combat operation north of baghdad , according to a news release ."
the names of the soldiers were not immediately released .
"after weeks of negotiations , the florida democratic party said monday it will not hold a second primary in the state ."
the state party s leaders have been seeking a way to have florida s delegation seated at the democratic national convention .
"we researched every potential alternative process from caucuses to county conventions to mail in elections but no plan could come anywhere close to being viable in florida , said state party chairwoman karen thurman in an e mail sent to florida democrats late monday afternoon ."
"thurman said the decision now falls to the dnc rules bylaws committee , which is scheduled to meet again next month ."
"but it is not clear whether that committee has the power to make a final decision , or whether it will fall to the credentials committee , which will decide in august which delegations will be seated at the presidential nominating convention in denver ."
"the national party stripped florida of its delegates last year , along with michigan , when both states scheduled their primaries in january in violation of dnc instructions ."
she took percent of the vote to sen . barack obama s percent .
chinese premier wen jiabao tuesday dismissed the dalai lama s claim of cultural genocide in tibet as lies and blamed supporters of the dalai lama for the violent protests over china s rule of tibet .
"speaking at the closing annual session of china s legislature , mr wen said china s response to the protests was restrained ."
"the united states has urged chinese restraint after days of violent protests in tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti chinese protesters to surrender ."
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states is very concerned about the chinese crackdown on tibetan protesters .
we continue to urge restraint on the part of the chinese government in terms of how it responds to these protesters .
"u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , according to wire service reports from moscow , said we have really urged the chinese over several years to find a way to talk with the dalai lama , who is a figure of authority , who is not a separatist , and to find a way to engage him and bring his moral weight to a more sustainable and better solution of the tibet issue ."
"in a news conference in beijing on monday , champa phuntsok , the head of tibet s regional government , blamed the violence on a small group of separatists and criminals who take their lead from exiled followers of tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama ."
"on sunday , the exiled dalai lama condemned china s action in his homeland , accusing beijing of cultural genocide ."
"shops , schools and businesses were open monday in tibet s capital , lhasa , but tensions remained high throughout the territory and three neighboring provinces after days of deadly clashes ."
"xinhua reported monday that locations in lhasa were burned by rioters , including banks , a press establishment , shops , schools and hospitals ."
"the state run news agency quoted police in tibet giving protesters a deadline of midnight monday to stop their criminal activities and offering leniency to those who surrender themselves . those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying ."
"for starters , healthy kids come in a wide range of shapes and sizes , and they don t grow at a steady rate , either ."
your child can look very different from your friends kids or from his own siblings at the same age and still be completely normal .
what influences growth
at birth
a baby s size when he s born is based partly on genetics .
firstborns tend to be smaller than subsequent children because the uterus is smaller and tighter in first time moms .
"boys are larger than girls , and multiples , boys and girls , are smaller than average ."
some environmental factors that can influence a newborn s size
the mother s weight very heavy women tend to have larger babies
"a mom s chronic illness diabetics , for instance , often have very large babies ."
during the first two years
a baby s growth is based on a combination of her birth size and the size she s genetically programmed to be
a small newborn who s going to be a big child will grow faster in the first two years than a big baby who s going to be a small child .
both weight gain and increases in height come in short bursts of what can seem like rapid growth which is why kids can sometimes look almost chubby one month but lean the next .
"the duration of a growth spurt , as well as how much a child grows during one , differs from child to child and from spurt to spurt in the same child ."
but it s not uncommon to see a visible difference in a very short time .
"no one knows what causes a kid to shoot up one month and not another , but there does seem to be a seasonal pattern ."
"although we don t have a good explanation for it , children seem to grow fastest in the summer and slowest in the fall , says joseph gigante , m . d . , associate professor of pediatrics at vanderbilt children s hospital in nashville ."
doctors do know what triggers growth in the first place
"it s the human growth hormone , a chemical produced in bursts throughout the day but released largely during sleep ."
that s why it s important for kids to get the shut eye they need throughout childhood and adolescence .
"after infancy , the tween and teen years are the period of most rapid change ."
"for boys , it starts about two years later and lasts until age or so ."
"girls typically stop growing about three years after they ve had their first period , but boys continue to grow throughout their teens ."
markets across asia and europe suffered heavy losses as the fallout from the shock sale of bear sterns continued but wall street recovered most of its losses on a dramatic monday .
banking stocks made steep losses after bear sterns one of wall street s most venerable names was acquired for a pittance .
"engineered by the u . s . federal reserve , jp morgan bought the investment bank for a share , valuing the bank at million compared to nearly per share last week and a high last year of per share ."
the sale was rushed through to beat the opening bells in asia but it didn t stop stocks from plummeting in asia or europe .
"in europe monday , the ftse fell by . percent to , and the french cac fell to , , losing . percent ."
"the german dax suffered most , dropping . percent to , ."
"the european banking sector was particularly hard hit , with ubs whose stock has dipped per cent in the last year down . percent , ap reported , while credit suisse fell . percent and deutsche bank dropped . ."
"in asia japan s nikkei closed . down at , losing . percent , while the hang seng fell , . to , a fall of . per cent ."
"in early trading monday , the dow dropped . to , a fall of . percent , but managed to just claw into positive territory by the end of the day by . points or . percent ."
"despite those figures , more stocks fell in price monday than rose on the new york stock exchange ."
"the nasdaq fell . percent to , losing . ."
jerusalem cnn israel and germany strengthened their ties on monday in one of the highlights of german chancellor angela merkel s three day visit to mark the th anniversary of israel s creation .
"merkel and israeli prime minister ehud olmert chaired a joint session of members of the two countries cabinets , at which both governments signed off on a range of projects , including in education , the environment and defense ."
"germany already has similar arrangements with france , italy , spain , poland and russia , but it was the first time israel had entered into such an agreement since it formed diplomatic ties in ."
"at a joint news conference , olmert praised germany s friendship it is one of israel s strongest allies in europe and its second biggest trading partner , after the u . s ."
"what is important is that we are not forgetting anything , olmert said in a reference to the nazi holocaust ."
"but we are also not giving up the opportunity and the obligation to act together to ensure a better future for our peoples , the region and the whole world ."
"six million jews perished in the nazi genocide during world war ii , and about , elderly survivors live in israel ."
"the german government , keeping in mind its responsibility for the holocaust , expresses its determination to shape a joint future by holding the first german israeli consultations , she wrote in the guest book ."
"on tuesday , merkel will address the knesset , becoming the first foreign head of government to speak to israel s parliament ."
"in the past , the honor has been reserved only for heads of state and monarchs ."
"a majority of democrats would like to see barack obama rather than hillary clinton win their party s presidential nomination , according to a national poll out monday ."
"fifty two percent of registered democrats questioned in a new cnn opinion research corporation survey say the senator from illinois is their choice for president , with percent supporting clinton ."
the poll also suggests democrats are more enthusiastic about an obama victory percent than for a victory by the senator from new york percent .
"the two remaining major candidates for the democratic presidential nomination are locked in a fierce battle for their party s presidential nomination , with obama holding a slight lead both in delegates and the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses to date ."
"obama s biggest support comes from men , younger voters and independents who lean democratic , cnn polling director keating holland said . clinton does best among women , older voters and whites ."
"one interesting difference , unlike the exit polls in many states , there is no difference in the national poll between college educated democrats and those who never attended college ."
the nomination could hinge on two major matters
superdelegates and the possibility of do over primaries for florida and michigan .
the two states broke national democratic party rules by moving up the dates of their primaries to january .
"none of the major democratic candidates campaigned in the two states , and obama s name wasn t even on the ballot in michigan ."
the national democratic party also banned florida and michigan s delegates from attending the party s national convention this summer .
"but with the fight for the nomination nearly deadlocked and the reality that winning both florida and michigan is crucial for the democrats to take back the white house in november , there s now a movement toward letting both states vote again ."
"the cnn opinion research corp . poll was conducted by telephone march , with , americans questioned , including registered voters who identify themselves as democrats or independents who lean democratic ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn atlanta was scrambling back to normalcy monday , but city officials warned it could take time to clear the devastation left by a tornado that swept through the city s downtown friday evening ."
the storm damage made travel even more difficult in a city where traffic and road construction already make commutes tedious for thousands .
"drivers were warned to exercise caution and patience coming into the downtown area , which still bore the wounds of the friday twister ."
"the tornado , which packed winds of up to mph , slammed into skyscrapers as well as landmarks like the cnn center and the georgia dome , where thousands had gathered for the southeastern conference basketball tournament ."
"you are coming into a zone that has a lot of safety issues , atlanta police department spokeswoman judy pal said at a sunday news conference . she added that if you don t have business downtown , please stay out of the city ."
"dozens of streets remained blocked monday as cleanup crews gathered debris and downed limbs and trees , piling it on sidewalks or in dumpsters that had been lugged into cordoned off roads ."
"on sunday , crews were still working to repair scores of traffic lights throughout the city , said donna owens , the city s deputy commissioner of public works ."
two neighboring counties were helping with the repairs .
the mayor s office advised people traveling downtown to take public transit .
the agency was serving meals and counseling victims over the weekend .
"on sunday , people remained in one of the agency s shelters , said spokesman ruben brown ."
"the agency also was using three roving canteens , which were providing hot meals and beverages to victims ."
"buzz weiss , spokesman for the georgia emergency management agency , noted that counties in the state were impacted by severe weather friday and saturday ."
hillary clinton said monday she is the only candidate who would exercise the leadership needed to end the war in iraq .
"sen . barack obama holds up his original opposition to the war on the campaign trail , but he didn t start working aggressively to end the war until he started running for president ."
"so when he had a chance to act on his speech , he chose silence instead , clinton told an audience at george washington university ."
"president bush is determined to continue his failed policy in iraq until he leaves office . and sen . john mccain will gladly accept the torch and stay the course , keeping troops in iraq for up to years if necessary ."
"obama gave a speech in opposing the war , an address he references often in his campaign stump speech ."
clinton cited obama s repeated promise to start bringing combat troops out in months .
"she pointed to a recent bbc interview by now former obama policy adviser samantha powers in which powers said obama will , of course , not rely on some plan that he s crafted as a presidential candidate or a u . s . senator ."
the clinton campaign has highlighted those comments because of what they say is a contradiction between obama s rhetoric and action on iraq .
"but giving speeches alone won t end the war , and making campaign promises you might not keep certainly won t end it . in the end , the true test is not the speeches a president delivers , it s whether the president delivers on the speeches ."
"at a campaign rally in monaca , pennsylvania , obama disagreed with clinton s assessment ."
"i opposed this war in , i opposed it in , , , and ."
i have been consistent in saying that we have to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s parliament convened monday and within minutes , it was apparent that the session in the coming days will devolve into a showdown between the newly elected lawmakers and beleaguered president pervez musharraf ."
more than lawmakers elected last month took the oath of office in the brief ceremony in the national assembly .
"an overflow crowd watched the historic proceedings , with reporters sitting on one another s laps in the crowded press gallery ."
"breaking tradition , the outgoing speaker of the house did not shake the new members hands or greet them as they walked up the sign the roll book ."
"for their part , the opposition lawmakers said they would take their oaths under the constitution as it was on november , . party members slapped their hands on tables in thunderous applause ."
"musharraf imposed a state of emergency and suspended constitutional rule on november , ."
he also amended the constitution soon afterward to provide himself and the military blanket immunity for actions taken during the emergency rule .
two parties won the majority of national assembly seats in the february parliamentary election .
"the pakistan people s party ppp is home to assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto and is now led by her widower , asif ali zardari ."
"neither men has seats in the assembly , and they watched the opening day ceremonies from the gallery ."
musharraf did not attend .
"members of bhutto s party wore ribbons , with a picture of the slain prime minister , on their chests ."
one member asked that a prayer be said for bhutto who was assassinated last december as she left a campaign rally in the pakistani city of rawalpindi .
"the ppp has said it is ready to form a government with its coalition partners , including its once rival , pml n ."
it also has said it plans to reform pakistan s government .
"while the coalition has agreed to work with musharraf , it has also said it would reinstate ousted supreme court justices within days of parliament s first session ."
"the united states is urging chinese restraint after days of violent protests in tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti chinese protesters to surrender ."
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states is very concerned about the chinese crackdown on tibetan protesters .
we continue to urge restraint on the part of the chinese government in terms of how it responds to these protesters .
"u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , according to wire service reports from moscow , said we have really urged the chinese over several years to find a way to talk with the dalai lama , who is a figure of authority , who is not a separatist , and to find a way to engage him and bring his moral weight to a more sustainable and better solution of the tibet issue ."
"in a news conference in beijing on monday , champa phuntsok , the head of tibet s regional government , blamed the violence on a small group of separatists and criminals who take their lead from exiled followers of tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama ."
"on sunday , the exiled dalai lama condemned china s action in his homeland , accusing beijing of cultural genocide ."
"shops , schools and businesses were open monday in tibet s capital , lhasa , but tensions remained high throughout the territory and three neighboring provinces after days of deadly clashes ."
"xinhua reported monday that locations in lhasa were burned by rioters , including banks , a press establishment , shops , schools and hospitals ."
"cnn imagine you and your favorite travel partner dangling in your own private little gondola , gliding silently for minutes as you cross the mer de glace or sea of ice ."
"you re near where switzerland , italy and france come together to high five the sky . miles literally above chamonix , you re riding europe s highest lift ."
your alpine adventure starts in the touristy french resort town of chamonix .
this lift is europe s highest and most spectacular .
the modern gondola is big enough for dozens of people .
"chamonix shrinks as trees fly by , soon replaced by whizzing rocks , ice and snow , until you reach the top ."
"up there , even sunshine is cold ."
the air is thin .
people are giddy .
"fun things can happen on top , if you re not too winded to join locals in the halfway to heaven tango ."
"from the viewpoint , the alps spread out before you ."
in the distance is the bent little matterhorn called cervin in french .
"you can almost reach out and pat the head of mont blanc , at , feet , the alps and europe s highest point ."
"to both save a little money and enjoy a hike , you can buy a rambler ticket to the top of the aiguille du midi , but only halfway back down ."
this gives you a chance to look down at the alps and over at the summit of mont blanc from that lofty lookout .
"from there you can catch a train at montenvers back to your starting point , chamonix ."
"but for the ultimate alpine joyride , grab a private gondola at aiguille du midi and continue on to italy for what must be europe s most breathtaking border crossing ."
"the town of aosta , your best valley home base , is a two hour bus ride from the base of the lift in la palud hourly departures , change in courmayeur ."
"if you don t go on to italy , you can return from helbronner point back to chamonix . the resort town , a convenient train ride from paris or nice , is packed in august but surprisingly easy and affordable the rest of the year ."
"if you like the alps , you ll love chamonix , where hikers and non hikers alike can enjoy vast mountain vistas with little effort . and when you tire of the mountains , italy is just next door ."
world number three svetlana kuznetsova had to work hard to reach the fourth round of the indian wells women s tournament by overcoming slovakian dominika cibulkova .
"kuznetsova s next opponent will be denmark s caroline wozniacki , a winner over japan s aiko nakamura ."
"in other women s matches , fourth seeded maria sharapova , the australian open champion who has yet to lose a match this season , was to take on greece s eleni daniilidou ."
defending champion and fifth seed daniela hantuchova of slovakia was up against china s zheng jie .
other women s seeds in action included number eight dinara safina of russia and ninth seeded shahar peer of israel .
"four of the people wounded in the weekend bombing of an islamabad restaurant are u . s . fbi agents , the bureau confirmed sunday ."
"the attack occurred saturday when a bomb was hurled over a wall surrounding the luna caprese restaurant , an outdoor cafe frequented by westerners , journalists and diplomats ."
"in addition to wounding the agents , the explosion killed a turkish woman and wounded a fifth american , three pakistanis , a person from the united kingdom and someone from japan , authorities said ."
"a high ranking federal source had earlier told cnn that the agents wounds included deep lacerations , concussions and fractures ."
"the four , who were eating dinner together at the time of the attack , were not believed to have been targeted , the source added ."
an air ambulance took the agents to a hospital .
"government officials have not said who they believe is responsible for saturday s attack , but they suspect al qaeda and taliban linked militants from pakistan s tribal region , who have carried out similar attacks in the past ."
new york cnn halle berry doesn t just play a mom in movies anymore .
the father is year old model gabriel aubry . the two met while shooting a versace ad in los angeles two years ago .
"berry told oprah winfrey on her show last year that playing a mother in her latest movie , things we lost in the fire , helped convince her that motherhood was for her ."
"i think it validated that i was meant to be a mother because every day i dealt with the character as a mother and thinking as a mother , berry said ."
it let me know that i must be a mother .
berry won the best actress oscar for s monster s ball .
she also won an emmy and a golden globe for s introducing dorothy dandridge .
"berry had said she and aubry don t plan to marry , but feel fully committed to each other ."
it s built like a flying saucer .
the home landed on a twisting road leading to chattanooga s signal mountain in just after television executives grounded the run of the original star trek series .
it will be sold to the highest bidder saturday .
the circular house ultramodern when it was built is ringed with small square windows and directional lights and perched on six landing gear legs .
"it has multiple levels , three bedrooms , two baths and an entrance staircase that retracts with the push of a button ."
"terry posey , an agent with crye leike auctions of cleveland , tennessee , said the current owner has had the property only four months and didn t want to comment ."
"john kleeman of litchfield , connecticut , an attorney and space culture enthusiast , said he knows of variations of the flying saucer design in florida , connecticut and california ."
the flying saucer designs popped up about the time of the moon landings .
the chattanooga home s unusual shape sort of like two white frisbees pasted together poses some interior decorating challenges .
"it really looked like a spaceship ready to take off , said realtor lois killebrew , who handled an open house at the first sale of the chattanooga home decades ago ."
"the late curtis w . king and his family built the unusual home because they liked to do unusual things , killebrew said ."
asian stocks plunged monday after jpmorgan chase said it would acquire troubled u . s . investment bank bear stearns .
hong kong s benchmark index fell as much as . percent in early trade monday as investors worried about u . s . financial markets .
japan s benchmark nikkei stock index fell more than percent .
the korea composite stock price index in seoul declined more than percent .
markets in australia and new zealand also fell .
"news of the acquisition of bear stearns , one of the world s largest and most venerable investment banks , came just before the opening of markets in tokyo and seoul ."
the buyout was aimed at averting a bankruptcy and a spreading crisis of confidence in the global financial system .
the fed and the u . s . government swiftly approved the all stock deal .
"we are worried about the next step , shim jae youb , a strategist at meritz securities in seoul , said of nagging concerns in asia that the trouble in big u . s . banks was unlikely to be contained just to bear stearns ."
"the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . in new york on friday after dropping as much as points earlier ."
"glaciers are shrinking at record rates and many could disappear within decades , the u . n . environment program said sunday ."
"scientists measuring the health of almost glaciers around the world found that ice loss reached record levels in , the u . n . agency said ."
"the west coast of north america , which gets much of its water from glaciers in mountain ranges such as the rockies and sierra nevada , also would be affected , it said ."
"he urged governments to agree stricter targets for emissions reductions at an international meeting next year in the danish capital , copenhagen ."
"on average , the glaciers shrank by . feet in , the most recent year for which data are available ."
"lima , peru cnn archaeologists have discovered the ruins of an ancient temple , roadway and irrigation systems at a famed fortress overlooking the inca capital of cuzco , according to officials involved with the dig ."
"the temple on the periphery of the sacsayhuaman fortress casts added light on pre inca cultures of peru , showing that the site had religious as well as military aims , according to researchers ."
"it includes rooms thought to have held mummies and idols , lead archaeologist oscar rodriguez told the associated press ."
the team of archaeologists that made the discoveries believes the structures predated the inca empire but were then significantly developed and expanded .
"it has a sequence , washington camacho , director of the sacsayhuaman archaeological park , told the ap on thursday ."
"the incas entered and changed the form of the temple , as it initially had a more rustic architecture ."
"archaeologists are still waiting for carbon dating tests , but camacho said their calculations about the facilities age are supported by historical references such as ceramics and construction style ."
"previous carbon dating of sacsayhuaman revealed that the killke culture constructed the fortress in the s , said peruvian archaeologist luis lumbreras , former director of peru s national culture institute and an expert on cuzco s pre incan cultures . he was not involved in the dig ."
"the killke occupied the region from to a . d . , prior to the arrival of the incas ."
"these recent discoveries add to our knowledge of sacsayhuaman , confirming again the aggregate nature of the fortress , lumbreras told the associated press ."
"the inca empire , based in the ancient city of cuzco , flourished along the western edge of south america during the s , prior to the arrival of the spanish ."
"today , cuzco is peru s main tourism hub and a launching point for visitors to the jungle shrouded ruins of machu picchu , miles northwest ."
"the temple lies a little under a mile from zigzagging walls of the sacsayhuaman fortress , alongside an enormous rock formation"
believed to be one of the fortress burial mounds .
"the temple is one of the most important in the sacsayhuaman site , camacho said ."
"the discovery of the temple reveals the sacred ceremonial nature of the killke , lumbreras said . previously we thought sacsayhuaman was simply a military fortification , but we now see it was a very complex ceremonial center ."
"cnn the death toll rose to nine sunday in the aftermath of a series of blasts at an albanian army depot , officials said ."
"the latest body was found about noon under the rubble of a destroyed home near the army warehouse where the blasts took place , strazimiri said ."
"the explosions at the depot , near the capital city of tirana , on saturday also injured ."
government officials have not yet determined the cause of the blasts but think they were not intentional .
"the explosions , which started at about noon , occurred as workers were trying to dismantle a stockpile of munitions , prime minister sali berisha said on his web site ."
"according to albanian officials , the program to dismantle the munitions is being overseen by an american company based in south carolina called southern ammunition , and is funded by a million grant from the u . s . government ."
"the size of the stockpile is unclear , but government officials said about , metric tons of munitions already have been deactivated"
new york cnn emergency workers on sunday continued searching for victims or survivors of a crane collapse that killed four construction workers and injured others at a four story townhouse in manhattan .
"crews used search dogs and heat sensing cameras as they looked through the rubble , the associated press reported ."
"three of the injured were in critical condition after saturday s collapse , authorities said . five firefighters had minor injuries ."
"ten neighborhood residents were among those hurt , three of them critically , when a portion of the crane detached and completely destroyed the townhouse , new york mayor michael bloomberg said saturday ."
"dismantling the crane , which remains balanced on a building , will be a risky undertaking , lt . gov . david paterson said just two days before he replaces gov . eliot spitzer , who announced his resignation last week ."
"while we would never want these types of tragedies in new york city , this is actually the best prepared place for it to happen , paterson said saturday ."
the crane also caused extensive damage to an story residential high rise across the street from the construction site .
"other nearby buildings have been evacuated , officials said ."
"a piece of steel fell and sheared off one of the ties holding the crane in place , causing it to detach and topple , stephen kaplan , an owner of reliance construction group told ap ."
"it was an absolute freak accident , kaplan said . all the piece of steel had to do was fall slightly left or right and nothing would have happened ."
kaplan added that the company had subcontracted the work .
state officials inspected the crane friday and found no violations .
"cheney left sunday on a day trip that includes visits to oman , saudi arabia , israel , the palestinian territories and turkey ."
"his trip coincides with the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq , which has tainted the u . s . image in the mideast and changed the balance of power in the region ."
bush went to israel and the west bank in january .
"secretary of state condoleezza rice just got back from a troubleshooting mission there , and bush is to return in may ."
"sen . john mccain , the soon to be gop presidential nominee , and other lawmakers are visiting israel this week ."
"bush , who relaunched formal peace talks last fall at a conference in annapolis , maryland , has turned a mideast peace deal into a signature foreign policy goal for his remaining months in office ."
but violence in the gaza strip and southern israel has hampered talks between israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
"basseterre , st . kitts cnn the president of the international olympic committee rejected the idea of boycotting the summer games in beijing over china s crackdown in tibet , saying it would only hurt athletes ."
"we believe that the boycott doesn t solve anything , jacques rogge told reporters saturday on this caribbean island ."
"on the contrary , it is penalizing innocent athletes and it is stopping the organization from something that definitely is worthwhile organizing ."
"on a six day tour of the caribbean , rogge expressed condolences for the victims and said he hopes calm will be restored immediately ."
"the international olympic committee has consistently resisted calls for a boycott of the olympic games , rogge said ."
he declined to comment further on tibet during a brief news conference .
the head of the swiss olympic committee told state owned drs radio that he is against a boycott but wants the ioc to intervene with china over the troubles in tibet .
"ioc vice president thomas bach said the committee will speak with china about human rights , but boycotting the games would be the wrong way because that will cut lines of communication ."
"european officials joined the ioc in urging beijing to end the violence and engage in dialogue , but also said politics should not intrude on the spirit of the games ."
"the olympics must be held in an atmosphere of true brotherhood , eu justice and home affairs commissioner franco frattini told italy s ansa news agency . otherwise this feast of sport would be seriously at risk ."
"jpmorgan chase co . said sunday that it is buying troubled wall street firm bear stearns , amid deepening fears that bear s demise could have sent shockwaves across already shaky financial markets ."
"the deal values bear stearns at million , or just a share ."
"shares had closed at on friday , down percent that day ."
"effective immediately , jpmorgan chase is guaranteeing the trading obligations of bear stearns and its subsidiaries and is providing management oversight for its operations , said a statement released sunday by jpmorgan ."
"shareholders must approve the deal , which is expected to close by the end of june ."
"the deal has already been approved by the federal reserve and other regulators , according to the statement ."
the fed is providing special emergency financing for up to billion in bear stearns assets .
"jpmorgan stands behind bear stearns , said jamie dimon , chairman and chief executive of jpmorgan ."
"bear stearns clients and counterparties should feel secure that jpmorgan is guaranteeing . . . risk , he continued ."
bear stearns was on the brink of financial collapse friday when jpmorgan and the federal reserve bank of new york said they would provide the brokerage a short term loan .
"cnn the dalai lama on sunday called for an international probe of china s treatment of tibet , which he said is causing cultural genocide of his people ."
"the exiled spiritual leader of tibet spoke at a news conference sunday in dharamsala , india , two days after violent clashes between pro autonomy demonstrators and chinese security forces in lhasa , the tibetan capital ."
"a spokesman for the self declared tibetan exile government said it has confirmed at least deaths in friday s violence and that protests were continuing outside the capital sunday , further undermining china s hopes of a smooth run up to the beijing olympics ."
"tibet watch , a group based in dharamsala , india , said people have died in the nwaga county area"
"the dead include women and children , the group said in an e mail , adding they were killed by chinese police attempting to stop the protests ."
"eight bodies were brought to the nagaba kirti monastery , the tibetan center for human rights and democracy in dharamsala said . of the eight , two are the bodies of monks , the center said ."
"the dalai lama said china , as the world s most populous nation , deserves to host the olympics but it must look seriously at repairing its human rights record in order to be a good host ."
"he laughed at suggestions that the exile government was fueling the anti chinese protests , saying it was the natural result of deep resentment caused by china s treatment of tibetans as second class citizens in their own land ."
english rivals arsenal and liverpool were paired in the quarterfinals of the champions league in friday s draw while manchester united will meet as roma once again in a repeat of last year s memorable clash at the same stage .
premier league leaders arsenal or champions league winners liverpool could face another english team in the semifinals if chelsea overcome turkish opponents fenerbahce .
german representatives schalke tackle barcelona in the other quarterfinal .
arsenal manager arsene wenger believe his side s draw to be the most difficult of the quarterfinal matchups .
"compared to fenerbahce and the history of manchester united against roma , you would say yes , but you can say the same for liverpool , said wenger ."
"you would ideally prefer european opposition , but you know that you will have to play an english team at some stage if you want to go to the final ."
"manchester united were unbeaten in their two group f matches against roma this season , winning at old trafford and drawing in rome ."
"in the return united gave one of their finest ever display in european competition , pulling off an exhilarating victory ."
"president hugo chavez dared the u . s . on friday to put venezuela on a list of countries accused of supporting terrorism , calling it one more attempt by washington to undermine him for political reasons ."
chavez said the threat to include us on the terrorist list is washington s response to his government s successes in the region .
"connie mack and ileana ros lehtinen , both florida republicans , have called for the state department to add venezuela to its list of terror sponsors , which includes north korea , iran , syria , sudan and cuba ."
they have expressed concerns about what they call chavez s close ties to colombia s leftist rebels .
"let them make that list and shove it in their pocket , chavez said in a televised speech ."
"we shouldn t forget for an instant that we re in a battle against north american imperialism , chavez said . on this continent , they have us as enemy no . ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday during a visit to brazil that all u . n . nations , including venezuela , have an obligation to go after terrorists and keep them from operating within their borders ."
"the comment was largely a warning for chavez , who u . s . officials suspect has lent support to colombian rebels ."
"in recent days , rice and president bush have sharpened their rhetoric against chavez while praising colombia and other latin american allies ."
chavez said rice s visit to brazil and chile this week is aimed at mounting pressures against our government and against me .
a chicago minister who delivered a fiery sermon about sen . hillary clinton having an advantage over sen . barack obama in the presidential race because she is white is no longer a part of the obama campaign .
"in another sermon , wright had said america had brought the september attacks upon itself ."
"the announcement of wright s departure from the obama camp came after the illinois senator on friday denounced some of the ministers s sermons , calling them inflammatory and appalling ."
"i categorically denounce any statement that disparages our great country or serves to divide us from our allies , obama wrote on the liberal web site huffingtonpost . com about recently surfaced sermons from wright his longtime pastor at the trinity united church of christ ."
"i also believe that words that degrade individuals have no place in our public dialogue , whether it s on the campaign stump or in the pulpit , obama continued . in sum , i reject outright the statements by rev . wright that are at issue ."
the sermons in question became the subject of scrutiny earlier this week after being highlighted in an abc news report .
"at one december service , wright argued clinton s road to the white house is considerably easier than obama s because of his skin color ."
"barack was , wright says in a video of the sermon posted on youtube . barack knows what it means to be a black man living in a country and a culture that is controlled by rich white people ."
hillary ain t never been called a nigger ! hillary has never had her people defined as a non person .
"in his statement friday , obama said he had not personally heard the controversial sermons ."
"but because rev . wright was on the verge of retirement , and because of my strong links to the trinity faith community , where i married my wife and where my daughters were baptized , i did not think it appropriate to leave the church ."
"canada s house of commons voted thursday to extend the country s military mission in afghanistan until , with the stipulation that nato send reinforcements to the volatile kandahar province ."
"most of canada s , troops in afghanistan are in kandahar as part of the nato led mission to stabilize the war torn country ."
"their presence has sparked controversy in canada , with the bloc quebecois and the new democratic party calling for an immediate troop withdrawal ."
"supporters of the mission argued that canadians have made progress in providing schools , health care and clean water for thousands of afghans ."
they said the improving conditions would be impossible without troops ensuring a secure environment for aid workers and local residents .
the canadian mission in afghanistan was to end next february .
"it has claimed the lives of soldiers and a diplomat , according to the associated press ."
"thursday s motion , passed with a vote , brought harper s conservative party and the opposition liberals together on the issue ."
"los angeles , california cnn harry potter was the center of seven novels , but he ll star in eight films ."
"the final book in the wildly successful series will be made into two films , the los angeles times reported wednesday ."
"producers are expected to announce thursday that j . k . rowling s last potter installment , harry potter and the deathly hallows , will be split into two parts on the big screen ."
"it was born out of purely creative reasons , producer david heyman told the times . unlike every other book , you cannot remove elements of this book ."
"the two final potter films will be shot concurrently , much like the blockbuster trilogy based on j . r . r . tolkien s epic fantasy novel the lord of the rings ."
"filming on the sixth potter flick , harry potter and the half blood prince , began in september ."
"it s been brilliant , said star daniel radcliffe . it s also , i think , the funniest of the films so far ."
"the signing came after nearly two full days of talks in dakar , senegal , between sudan president omar al beshir and idriss deby , the president of chad ."
"senegalese president abdoulaye wade facilitated the talks , and united nations secretary general ban ki moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about p . m ."
"the idea is to get the governments of sudan and chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country , said united nations spokesman farhan haq ."
each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government .
the rival nations armies have skirmished several times .
"as recently as thursday , just hours before the agreement was signed , chad issued a communiqu eacute saying rebels from sudan had crossed the border ."
chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow deby s regime .
the united nations says the swelling number of darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern chad is causing serious strain on the region .
"kingsley amaning , the u . n . s humanitarian coordinator for chad , said more than , people from darfur , in sudan , have fled into official refugee camps in eastern chad ."
"haq said the united nations , which has peacekeeping troops in the darfur region , will work to assure sudan and chad carry out the terms of thursday s deal ."
"the countries have signed several peace agreements in the past , only to see renewed violence flare up ."
"the united states and north korea made progress thursday in overcoming obstacles that have stalled a major nuclear disarmament deal but remained short of a breakthrough , the chief u . s . negotiator said ."
assistant u . s . secretary of state christopher hill told reporters that the talks in geneva were probably the most substantive that washington has had with north korea since problems developed in december over disarming pyongyang s nuclear weapons program .
"we certainly are further along in this consultation than we were when i arrived this morning , hill said after meetings with north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan . there has been progress ."
hill said he wanted to report to u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice before going into more detail .
kim separately denied allegations that north korea had a secret uranium enrichment program or that it had any connection with a nuclear program in syria .
hill went into the geneva discussions insisting that pyongyang fully reveal all details of its nuclear weapons program .
"we re already some weeks behind , hill said , referring to the north korean commitment to make a full declaration of its program by december ."
"brasilia , brazil cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday urged nations such as venezuela to meet their u . n . obligations and keep terrorists out of their territories ."
"but borders cannot be a means by which terrorists hide and engage in activities that kill innocent civilians , rice said after meeting with brazilian leaders on a two day trip to south america ."
"rice planned to visit chile after her stop in brazil , using the opportunity to engage leaders who the bush administration says have been helpful to u . s . economic and anti terrorism efforts ."
"left out of rice s itinerary are those countries that have been critical of the united states , including argentina ."
"when asked whether the u . s . was considering designating venezuela a state sponsor of terror , rice said we will watch the situation and act accordingly ."
"serbian president boris tadic has dissolved parliament and called early elections for may , following disagreements over kosovo and the european union ."
"the serbian government proposed the move this week , becoming frustrated after clashing with pro western tadic and his party over the issues in cabinet ."
"this is a new chance for us to reinforce the capacities for the defense of the country s sovereignty and territorial integrity , to improve our economy perspective through the european integration process , to confirm the democratic capacity of our society , and to change things for the better , tadic said in a statement posted on national news agency tanjug s web site ."
kosovo infuriated serbia by declaring its independence last month .
that sparked divisions in serbia about whether to keep pursuing membership in the european union given that several eu nations have recognized kosovo s independence .
"the serbian government no longer has a united and common policy , which . . . prevents the government from performing its basic constitutional function and conducting the policies of the republic of serbia , the government proposal said ."
serbian prime minister vojislav kostunica had said he might resign if tadic did not call early elections .
"kosovo , which is mainly populated by ethnic albanians , declared independence from serbia on february ."
"however , serbia which regards the region as integral to its history and culture has refused to accept the move as being legal , and conservatives do not want to join the eu unless its member states retract any recognition of kosovo ."
"athens , greece cnn greek authorities rescued passengers and crew members thursday after a cruise ship ran aground near the island of poros , said greece s ministry of merchant marine ."
"the greek flagged georgis hit a barren inlet as it was coming in to dock in poros , about a mile away , the ministry said ."
it had embarked from the port city of piraeus near athens and was touring the nearby islands of poros and hydra .
"the evacuation operation took about two hours , with the the last person being plucked off the ship by early evening ."
"passengers and crew were transferred to another vessel , authorities said ."
"last april , a greek flagged cruise ship carrying more than , passengers ran aground on a rocky reef while trying to dock at harbor of the holiday island of santorini . the boat later sank ."
the captain and five other senior crew members of were charged with negligence and violating international maritime rules .
"a year old woman who sat on her boyfriend s toilet for so long that her body was stuck to the seat had a phobia about leaving the bathroom , the boyfriend said ."
the case drew nationwide attention after ness county sheriff bryan whipple said it appeared the ness city woman s skin had grown around the seat in the two years she apparently was in the bathroom .
"we pried the toilet seat off with a pry bar and the seat went with her to the hospital , whipple said . the hospital removed it ."
"mcfarren , , said he can t be certain how long pam babcock stayed in the bathroom because time just went by so quick i can t pinpoint how long ."
he said beatings she received in her childhood caused her phobia .
"but mcfarren said she moved around in the bathroom during that time , bathed and changed into the clothes he brought her ."
he brought food and water to her .
they had conversations and had an otherwise normal relationship except it all happened in the bathroom .
"mcfarren said he finally called police february after he became worried because babcock was acting groggy like she didn t know what was going on , except she was awake ."
"london , england cnn a british man accused of faking his death in an insurance scam pleaded guilty to fraud thursday ."
"his wife denied involvement , and will stand trial later this year ."
"john darwin , , admitted obtaining money by deception and obtaining a false passport ."
darwin made headlines in december when he walked into a london police station claiming to have amnesia .
he had been declared dead after disappearing while canoeing off the english coast in .
"police accused darwin and his wife anne of staging the death to collect his pound , , insurance policy ."
sentencing was adjourned .
world stock markets were shaken thursday as problems facing the ailing u . s . economic juggernaut continued to send ripples of fear through investors .
"the price of gold topped , an ounce for the first time ever , and investors dumped the dollar which hit a year low against the japanese yen and slumped to new lows against the euro ."
"meanwhile , oil was also continuing its soar skywards , hitting a barrel before sliding back to below ."
cnn international s business editor todd benjamin says the activity is all based on the belief that the u . s . is in recession .
"gold futures reached , on the new york mercantile exchange before dropping slightly to . ."
"in uncertain times , it is seen as a safer bet for investors , and has risen percent this year ."
"because gold is bought and sold in u . s . dollars , it has also become much cheaper for investors holding overseas currencies and central banks around the world have stepped in along with big hedge funds among others ."
"they are not looking for gold to give them substantial returns in the medium term , but they re looking for something to give them wealth protection ."
new york cnn the woman alleged to have been hired by new york governor eliot spitzer reportedly revealed thursday she had gone without sleep since the scandal broke earlier this week and said she did not want to be thought of as a monster .
"ashley alexandra dupre , reportedly identified in court documents as a call girl known as kristen , appeared in court on monday as a witness against four people accused of operating a high class prostitution ring allegedly used by the disgraced democrat ."
"spitzer , an ally of hillary clinton and a rising star within the democratic party who made his name as a corporate crime busting district attorney , announced his resignation wednesday after reports of his connection to the emperors club vip prostitute ring emerged ."
dupre or spitzer are accused of any crime .
"dupre , born ashley youmans , from new jersey , told the new york times"
"writing on her myspace page , the year old said she had been broke and homeless and had abused drugs since leaving home aged to pursue a singing career in new york ."
"identified as client in court documents , spitzer is alleged to have met dupre at the mayflower hotel in washington last month ."
"federal agents have determined spitzer used the prostitute ring eight times in recent months and had him under surveillance twice this year , sources familiar with the investigation said wednesday ."
sen . hillary clinton apologized to a gathering of black newspaper publishers wednesday for a top fundraiser s controversial comments that sen . barack obama s race has helped his candidacy .
"the new york senator found herself in the hot seat after the remarks by geraldine ferraro a former new york congresswoman , democratic vice presidential candidate and clinton supporter ."
"i rejected what she said and i certainly do repudiate it , clinton said at the national newspaper publishers association meeting in washington ."
"ferraro resigned from the campaign wednesday after widespread criticism over her comments about obama s race , originally published late last week in the torrance , california , daily breeze ."
"if obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . and if he was a woman , he would not be in this position . he happens to be very lucky to be who he is ."
"clinton was asked about remarks her husband , former president bill clinton , made while on the trail for his wife in south carolina last month in which he seemed to imply that obama s success in south carolina would largely be based on his race ."
she even apologized for president bush s lackluster response regarding hurricane katrina .
i apologize and i am embarrassed that our federal government so mistreated our citizens .
"clothed in a black robe , she strains under her husband s weight ."
"murtada , a year old taxi driver , was once a proud husband and father ."
a bomb blew off both his legs above the knee .
"i was under the car . i saw my legs were severed , just flesh and skin . i was holding my legs , bleeding ."
"helpless , the daily burden is now on shada ."
she carries murtada when he needs to be moved .
she can t even leave the house because of the constant care she provides her husband .
"i want to work , but i can t really because then who will stay with my husband ?"
"since the war began , the estimates of wounded iraqis have ranged from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of people ."
"according to iraq s health ministry , percent of the wounded have lost at least one limb ."
"murtada is one of these grim stats , and his life is now a nightmare ."
he has stumps where his legs used to be and hasn t been able to get prosthetics .
life has forced shada to tap into a physical and emotional strength she did not know she possessed .
their year old son helps care for his father .
this small family lives in a small rented house in a shiite neighborhood in western baghdad .
shada has endured many tough times amid war and conflict .
her brother was shot dead and her father died because of poor health care .
"neighbors have helped the family financially , and shada tries to make ends meet by selling gasoline on the street ."
but the circumstances have forced the man she relied on to rely on her .
i cannot go to the markets because of him . i am asking people for help because i cannot leave him alone in the house .
"andy roddick will not be taking part in this summer s olympic games in beijing , instead opting to play in an atp tournament in the united states ."
"roddick , who bounced back to form with a superb win at the atp tournament in dubai last week , beating rafael nadal and novak djokovic , says he wants to prepare properly for the u . s open ."
"my goal every summer is to win the u . s . open , roddick said in a statement released by legg mason organizers ."
the washington tournament runs august with the u . s . open beginning on august .
"roddick , world ranked number six , won his lone major championship at the u . s . open ."
"he claimed legg mason titles in , and ."
"i cared a lot . it s not the biggest thing in our sport , but it s the biggest thing in sports ."
"the online demonstrations in virtual locations including china s tiananmen square , cuba s revolution square and north korea s kim jong il square were taking place to mark the first online free expression day , reporters without borders rwb said in a statement ."
"we are giving all internet users the opportunity to demonstrate in places were protests are not normally possible , the statement said ."
"at least cyber dissidents are currently imprisoned worldwide , while more than , web sites , blogs or discussions forums were closed or made inaccessible in ."
"as well as china , cuba and north korea , the list highlighted other countries where internet freedoms are restricted belarus , myanmar , egypt , ethiopia , iran , saudi arabia , syria , tunisia , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , vietnam and zimbabwe ."
"a further countries were named as countries under watch bahrain , eritrea , gambia , jordan , libya , malaysia , sri lanka , tajikistan , thailand , united arab emirates and yemen ."
"the report also criticized western companies for cooperating in cyber repression , citing the case of u . s . company yahoo !"
"providing information to chinese censors which resulted in a journalist , shi tao , being jailed for years ."
"around , demonstrators had joined the protests by gmt , including more than , in china , described by rwb as the world s biggest prison for cyber dissidents ."
avatars gathered in a virtual tiananmen square carried banners reading free speech before the olympic games !
"a suicide bomber rammed his sedan into a convoy carrying u . s . troops near the kabul airport thursday , killing at least six civilians and wounding others , authorities said ."
"four american troops who were part of the convoy suffered scratches , in the explosion , said lt . col . david johnson , a spokesman for u . s . forces ."
"in recent months , afghanistan has seen a surge in deadly attacks targeting police officials and american and coalition forces ."
"in january , two suicide bombers and several gunmen in police uniforms attacked a luxury hotel in kabul ."
"a norwegian journalist was killed , along with at least seven other people , in the brazen attack on serena hotel ."
"norway s foreign minister , jonas gahr stoere , was in the hotel at the time and escaped unhurt ."
last month the u . s . director of national intelligence mike mcconnell said a resurgent taliban has regained control of between and percent of afghanistan .
"hong kong , china cnn hong kong officials gave kindergarten and primary school children an early break for the easter holiday in the midst of a deadly flu outbreak ."
"health secretary york chow made the decision late wednesday to call off classes for two weeks , through march ."
"all primary schools , special schools and kindergartens and child care centers will be closed in the hope of slowing down the spreading of flu and provide a chance for schools to clean up and make a better environment , york said ."
the government has ordered an investigation after three children died over the past week of the outbreak .
"officials say five of his classmates are sick and hospitalized , while others are displaying similar flu like symptoms ."
"by imposing the two week break from school , health authorities are hoping to slow the spread of influenza ."
"the decision was made due to a rising trend of flu infections within the community , he said . we estimate this peak season of influenza will continue for a few weeks ."
hong kong developed an action plan after a deadly outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome sars five years ago .
"the flu like illness killed people between february and may of , according to the world health organization ."
"sars affected more than , people between november and july in what the who deemed a global threat nearly of those who contracted the disease died from it ."
washington cnn the united states treasury department announced sanctions wednesday against a bahrain bank accused of helping iran s alleged nuclear proliferation activities .
"the treasury department said future bank b . s . c . is controlled by iran s bank melli , which has already been sanctioned for facilitating iran s proliferation activities ."
"bank melli goes to extraordinary lengths to assist iran s pursuit of a nuclear capability and ballistic missiles , while also helping other designated entities to dodge sanctions , said stuart levey , under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence ."
"banks and other entities owned or controlled by bank melli pose a serious threat to the integrity of the international financial system , levey said ."
"future bank was started in in a joint venture between bank melli bank saderat , also an iranian bank and a private bank based in bahrain ."
"under the designation , any bank accounts and financial assets in the united states must be frozen , and american citizens will not be permitted to do business with the bank ."
"bahrain has taken responsible steps to try to prevent future bank from abusing the country s financial system , levey said ."
bahraini authorities have been closely monitoring future bank and took some steps after treasury s designations of banks melli and saderat to attempt to prevent abuse by this institution .
"des moines , iowa cnn attention , cat haters"
those not claimed will be destroyed .
mayor vance trively says that the southwest iowa town of people is being overrun by dozens of feral cats and needed to do something .
"you can t just let them keep multiplying in town , trively said tuesday ."
"town officials approved the bounty after receiving numerous complaints , ranging from a cat attacking a small dog to a dozen cats showing up at the bowl when a resident tried to feed his own cat ."
"under the new policy , stray cats without collars will be taken to a veterinarian in the nearby town of sidney randolph has no vet clinic where they ll be kept for a time for people to claim them , the mayor said ."
"if no one does , they ll be euthanized and buried ."
"i m concerned about children , people trying to capture these cats that don t have knowledge of what they re doing , being scratched or injured or inhumanely handling these cats for five bucks . is it worth it ?"
"you couldn t get a donation to save a cat in this town for the life of them , trively said ."
"since the bounty went into effect march , two cats one of them pregnant have been turned in ."
"cnn southwest airlines was inspecting planes wednesday after an ambiguity related to required testing was found during a review of records , the airline said ."
"earlier this week , southwest placed three employees on administrative leave and began conducting an internal investigation into the allegations that it flew planes without proper inspections ."
the faa should have immediately undertaken a review of the airline s records .
"had such a review been conducted , faa would have found or prevented the ambiguity in southwest s maintenance , which southwest has discovered after its own review of its records this week , the committee statement said ."
"the planes included five that were already out of service for scheduled maintenance checks plus one that was already retired , the company said in a news release wednesday afternoon ."
"taking the other planes out of service for inspection resulted in the cancellation of approximately percent of today s southwest flights , the release said ."
"it said other such service interruptions could occur in coming days because of the ongoing internal review of southwest s maintenance programs , policies , and procedures ."
authorities broke up a march thursday by tibetan exiles who had planned to trek from the northern indian city of dharamshala to tibet s border in a protest at china s rule over their homeland .
"once inside the vehicles , the protesters furiously banged on windows and continued to chant , free tibet !"
"the protesters , who planned to reach the border for a confrontation with chinese authorities just before the beijing olympics begins in august , were only three days and km into the march when police stopped the march ."
the protesters wanted to capitalize on the massive event to spread their anti china message .
"as long as the issue of tibet is not resolved , we will resist china occupation , said tsewang rigzin , president of the tibetan youth congress and one of the march organizers ."
"the indian government , which sponsors , tibetan exiles , had said it would enforce an order that bans the marchers from leaving the dharamshala district , which is home to the tibetan exile government and the"
rigzin said his group is acting independently of the government or the dalai lama .
"what we are saying is that we are tibetan , and we belong to tibet and we need to go back to our country , he said . it s as simple as that ."
"protesters gathered near the chinese embassy in new delhi on wednesday , where one tibetan woman shouted"
stop genocide in tibet . no olympics in china until tibet is free .
defense secretary robert gates has dismissed as ridiculous any suggestion that the resignation of america s military chief in the middle east signals the united states is planning to go to war with iran .
"william fallon resigned tuesday as chief of u . s . forces in the middle east and central asia after just a year in the post , citing what he called an inaccurate perception that he is at odds with the bush administration over iran ."
"fallon , the head of u . s . central command , was the subject of a recent esquire magazine profile that portrayed him as resisting pressure for military action against iran , which the bush administration accuses of trying to develop nuclear weapons ."
"in a written statement , fallon said the article s disrespect for the president and resulting embarrassment had become a distraction ."
"although i don t believe there have ever been any differences about the objectives of our policy in the central command area of responsibility , the simple perception that there is makes it difficult for me to effectively serve america s interests there , fallon said ."
"in washington , defense secretary gates told reporters at the pentagon he accepted fallon s resignation with reluctance and regret ."
"fallon , a year veteran of the navy , took over as chief of central command in early ."
"gates said he will be replaced by lt . gen . martin dempsey , his deputy , who commanded an army division in iraq in the early days of the war and led efforts to train the iraqi military ."
"the perception that fallon has opposed a drive toward military action against iran from within the bush administration dates to his confirmation hearings in january , when he told the senate the united states needed to exhaust all diplomatic options in its disputes with the islamic republic ."
oil had traded as low as at . following the report s release on wednesday morning .
"in its weekly inventory report , the u . s . energy information administration , a government agency that measures oil and gas supplies , said crude stocks rose by . million barrels last week ."
"analysts were looking for a rise of . million barrels , according to a dow jones poll ."
"gasoline supplies rose by . million barrels , significantly more than the , barrel rise that analysts had forecast ."
the government said gasoline stockpiles are well above average for this time of year .
sources told cnn the probe began when a bank informed the u . s . treasury department about suspicious transfers of money from spitzer s accounts .
"wiretaps on suspected members of the ring , authorized in january , yielded more than , telephone calls and text messages and another , plus e mails , according to court papers ."
spitzer built his career on rooting out public corruption and became a national figure with a series of high profile wall street investigations
i will try once again outside of politics to serve the common good .
"with spitzer s resignation , lt . gov . david paterson who is legally blind is set to become new york s first african american governor ."
"i am stepping down from your finance committee so i can speak for myself and you can continue to speak for yourself about what is at stake in this campaign , ferraro wrote in a letter to clinton ."
the obama campaign is attacking me to hurt you . i won t let that happen .
ferraro told cnn she sent the letter to clinton wednesday afternoon .
ferraro stirred controversy with her recent remarks that obama s campaign was successful because he was black .
"i am who i am and i will continue to speak up , she said ."
the former congresswoman also criticized the obama campaign for efforts she characterized as trying to block her first amendment rights .
"ferraro who said she raised about , for clinton s campaign said she was not asked to step down by clinton or her staff ."
ferraro told cbs the early show that she would not stop raising money for the new york senator s presidential bid .
"she also blamed obama s chief strategist , david axelrod , for misinterpreting her remarks ."
"ferraro also told abc s good morning america that every time someone makes a negative comment about obama , they are accused of racism ."
"austin , texas cnn john cho thinks he has a cult following now as harold in the harold kumar movies he ain t seen nothing yet ."
"right after i got the gig , a friend of a friend e mailed me and said , you know , congratulations , i m so happy for you , and also i just wanted to impart to you how great a"
"and he also went on to claim that star trek is the predecessor to the ipod , cell phones and all that ."
and this is the first time everyone knows what i m talking about .
"naturally , cho can t say much about the film , given abrams typical reticence about his projects ."
"but i think he sees it as a favor to fans to keep everything on the down low because he s a very enthusiastic moviegoer , and he wants to be surprised and he wants things to be kept from him until the last minute , cho said of the director , who also created the tv series lost ."
this is one of the great fantasies of my life .
the motive for the attack in the western city of tran was not immediately clear .
"police said the attacker , a year old bulgarian man , had previous convictions for sexual abuse ."
"officials said the two wounded teenagers , age and , had been hospitalized and were expected to survive ."
"the gunman , identified as asen iliev , fired several times at the children with a legally owned shotgun and then fatally shot himself , police said ."
"the shooting was the worst in a series of incidents over the past week at state homes for handicapped or abandoned children , where neglect and abuse are rampant , according to recent media reports ."
"on sunday , a year old girl was badly hurt after jumping from the third floor of a children s home in sofia ."
"after wednesday s shootings , prime minister sergei stanishev promised to review legislation on homes for children deprived of parental care ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s upper house of parliament on wednesday voted to reject the government nomination for bank of japan chief ."
"the opposition , which controls the legislative chamber , has for days threatened to block central bank deputy gov . toshiro muto s appointment , which came last week , accusing the government of bulldozing bills and using strong arm tactics to push their own personnel decisions ."
the term of current bank of japan gov . toshihiko fukui ends march .
"the stalemate in the legislature over who will head the central bank of the world s second largest economy is a major embarrassment to the japanese government , coming at a time when fears are growing about a global slowdown ."
"in the upper house , legislators voted against the appointment of muto , ."
"a twist , the opposition approved one of the government appointments for deputy , former boj executive director masaaki shirakawa , , now a kyoto university professor , who won supporting votes from the chamber , while seven legislators opposed him ."
"the government nominee for the other deputy post , takatoshi ito , , professor at the university of tokyo , was voted down along with muto ."
"nguyen ba thuoc , vice director of vietnam post and telecommunication corp . , told reporters wednesday that vinasat no . satellite is scheduled to be launched on april and will be ready for use a month later ."
"the satellite , which has a medium transmission capacity , will help improve internet , television and telecommunication transmission in vietnam ."
it will also contribute to the country s natural disaster prevention work .
"tokyo , japan cnn jerome white jr . took the stage wearing an oversized baseball cap , baggy jeans and two gold chains an aspiring singer from the united states ."
the japanese crowd heard a beat reminiscent of american style hip hop but then white started to sing .
"white stunned the crowd with a unique hip hop version of enka , melodramatic japanese folk music that resonates with the elderly but tends not to interest the young ."
"amazing and strange , said yoshimitsu otaka , shaking his head as his country s music flowed flawlessly from the lips of a man who grew up in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."
this is among the best enka i ve heard and it s from a foreigner .
"others have taken to white s music , as well his first cd single opened at number in japan in its first week ."
"white first heard the music from his japanese grandmother , who moved to the united states with her army husband after world war ii ."
"every time i d go to her house , she d be playing enka music in the background , he said . whenever i d sing it for her , she d be really , really excited and happy ."
"after graduating from the university of pittsburgh , white moved to tokyo to learn more about his heritage and teach english ."
"on a whim , he entered a karaoke contest ."
"he didn t win , but it led to a record deal with victor entertainment ."
"my music is still true enka , just with a little more soul and rhythm , he said . and if it helps younger japanese learn about this music , then that makes me happy ."
fernando torres fired liverpool into the champions league quarterfinals with the only goal against man inter milan in the san siro on tuesday .
"liverpool join three other english teams chelsea , manchester united and arsenal in the next stage , making this the first time four teams from the same country have made it to the final eight ."
torres controlled a cross inside the area and beat inter goalkeeper julio cesar with a low shot in the th minute .
inter played the last minutes a man down after defender nicolas burdisso was sent off with his second yellow card .
"liverpool , who won the tournament in and lost in the final last year , advanced with a aggregate after winning at anfield in the first leg three weeks ago ."
they follow in the footsteps of arsenal who a week earlier won in the san siro to eliminate inter s groundsharing rivals ac milan .
"barcelona , as roma , schalke and fenerbahce also have made it to the quarterfinals , but premier league clubs will dominate friday s draw ."
"i don t think anyone will want to play us in the last eight , said liverpool skipper steven gerrard , who saluted torres ."
"abu dhabi , united arab emirates cnn six people were killed , at least were injured and dozens of vehicles burned tuesday when hundreds of cars collided on a fog shrouded persian gulf highway ."
"media in the united arab emirates reported four separate accidents , the largest involving more than cars , on the highway connecting the cities of dubai and abu dhabi on tuesday ."
"the biggest wreck began in the early morning near ghantoot , about seven kilometers . miles from dubai ."
"at least cars burned among the that piled up as the fog and high speeds made for a deadly mixture , police said ."
"the scope of the accident and limited visibility delayed rescue efforts until around noon , media reports said , when helicopters began taking the injured to hospitals ."
the accident resulted in a kilometer mile traffic jam that lasted for several hours .
"smaller accidents accounted for up to damaged vehicles , according to media reports ."
"traffic accidents are a leading cause of death in the united arab emirates because drivers often travel at high speeds , according to the u . s . state department ."
"unsafe driving practices are common , especially on intercity highways , the state department says on its travel web site ."
"the dollar fell to a new low against the euro on tuesday , but reversed course after the u . s . federal reserve , european central bank and bank of england announced another joint effort to soothe money markets with fresh short term credit ."
"the euro initially soared to . , bolstered by a better than expected reading of investor sentiment from germany ."
the rise in the zew institute s monthly confidence index a closely watched indicator for europe s biggest economy defied analysts predictions of a slight decline .
"the report pushed the euro above its previous high of . , set friday ."
"but when the fed , ecb and bank of england announced that they were joining with other central banks to ramp up efforts to provide more relief in the credit crisis , making as much as billion in cash available to cash strapped financial institutions , the euro dropped as low as . ."
"ashraf laidi , chief foreign exchange strategist for cmc markets in new york , said the announcement pushed the euro lower because it all but eliminated the chance for a rate cut by the fed before its next meeting ."
"this coordinated central bank injection of liquidity totally cancels the changes of an inter meeting rate cut for the fed and this provides temporary support for the u . s . dollar , laidi told the associated press ."
"dayton , ohio cnn the world s first attack aircraft to employ stealth technology is slipping quietly into history ."
"the inky black , angular , radar evading f , which spent years in the air force arsenal secretly patrolling hostile skies from serbia to iraq , will be put in mothballs next month in nevada ."
"wright patterson air force base in dayton , ohio , which manages the f program , will have an informal , private retirement ceremony tuesday with military leaders , base employees and representatives from holloman air force base in new mexico ."
"the last f s scheduled to fly will leave holloman on april , stop in palmdale , california , for another retirement ceremony , then arrive on april at their final destination"
the air force decided to accelerate the retirement of the f s to free up money to modernize the rest of the fleet .
"were retired in december and since then , the air force said ."
"seven of the planes have crashed , one in serbia in ."
stealth technology used on the f was developed in the s to help evade enemy radar .
"while not invisible to radar , the f s shape and coating greatly reduced its detection ."
a total of pilots have flown the f since it went operational .
"sen . barack obama on tuesday called a comment by geraldine ferraro , a top clinton fundraiser , that he was a major presidential contender only because he is a black man patently absurd ."
"i don t think geraldine ferraro s comments have any place in our politics or in the democratic party . they are divisive , he told the allentown morning news ."
"i think anybody who understands the history of this country knows they are patently absurd . and i would expect that the same way those comments don t have a place in my campaign , they shouldn t have a place in senator clinton s , either , he added ."
"earlier , obama s top strategist , david axelrod , called for clinton to sever ties with ferraro ."
"he said the comment by ferraro , a former new york representative coupled with clinton s own inexplicable unwillingness to deny that he obama was a muslim during a recent interview was part of an insidious pattern that needs to be addressed ."
"axelrod was reacting to a comment by ferraro , the democratic party s vice presidential nominee in , that appeared in the daily breeze of torrance , california , on friday ."
"if obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . and if he was a woman , he would not be in this position . he happens to be very lucky to be who he is ."
axelrod called on the new york senator to drop ferraro from her finance committee .
"when you wink and nod at offensive statements , you re really sending a signal to your supporters that anything goes , axelrod said ."
"washington cnn china , host of the summer olympics , is an authoritarian nation that denies its people basic human rights and freedoms , harasses journalists and foreign aid workers and tortures prisoners , the united states charged tuesday ."
"china is still among the world s human rights abusers despite rapid economic growth that has transformed large parts of chinese society , the state department said in an annual accounting of human rights practices around the world ."
"torture in china includes the use of electric shocks , beatings , shackles , and other forms of abuse , according to the report ."
"it includes an account of a prisoner strapped to a tiger bench , as device that forces the legs to bend sometimes until they break ."
"the report details the lengths some chinese officials have taken to enforce china s well known one child policy , and says forced relocations went up last year ."
"the government continued to monitor , harass , detain , arrest , and imprison journalists , internet writers , and bloggers ."
sen . barack obama claimed victory in mississippi s democratic primary tuesday .
"mississippi had pledged delegates up for grabs , which will be allocated proportionally ."
"the state s democratic voters were sharply divided among racial lines , exit polls indicate ."
"as has been the case in many primary states , obama won overwhelming support from african american voters ."
and black voters make up nearly percent of registered democrats .
"but mississippi white voters overwhelmingly backed the new york senator , supporting her over obama percent to percent ."
"according to the associated press , only two other primary states were as racially polarized neighboring alabama , and clinton s former home state of arkansas ."
"the exit polls also indicated roughly percent of mississippi democratic voters said race was an important factor in their vote , and percent of those voters supported obama ."
"clinton s campaign issued a statement congratulating obama on his win , and said they look forward to campaigning in pennsylvania and around the country as this campaign continues ."
pennsylvania is the next battleground for the democrats . it holds its primary on april and has delegates at stake .
obama also finished first in the texas democratic caucuses .
"the caucuses were held last week , but the race was not called until tuesday night ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil cnn snakes including one foot anaconda are increasingly invading the eastern amazon s largest city , driven from the rain forest by destruction of their natural habitat , the government s environmental protection agency said tuesday ."
"the agency , known as ibama , has been called out to capture snakes this year in belem , brazil , a sprawling metropolis of . million people at the mouth of the amazon river , ibama press officer luciana almeida said by telephone ."
"in normal years , ibama gets no more than one or two calls a month , she said ."
"but the captured snakes included a foot anaconda , usually a jungle recluse ."
imagine finding a meter foot snake in your plumbing .
"almeida said ibama believes the increase in snakes is a result of rising deforestation by loggers , ranchers and developers in the amazon jungle surrounding the belem urban area ."
"deforestation destroys their habitat , so they come to the city , she said ."
"ibama has a veterinary team that captures the snakes and takes them to a zoo or to an outlying park to release them , almeida said ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn two suicide bombers exploded a car tuesday at a building containing the offices of pakistan s national investigative agency , destroying it and killing and wounding people inside ."
"police said people died and were wounded in the attack in lahore , and three more were killed in a separate suicide bombing in an area of the city known as model town ."
the federal investigation agency is a national investigative agency similar to the fbi in the united states and is surrounded by heavy security .
"two suicide car bombers drove their vehicle into the eight story building housing the offices of the federal investigation agency at about a . m . , according to the agency ."
"lahore police describe the building , where about , people work , as destroyed ."
"another suicide bomber drove a van into a house being used by an advertising agency in a residential area known as model town , killing at least three people ."
"just a week ago , twin suicide bombers set off explosives at the pakistan navy war college in lahore , killing at least five people . in january , a suicide bomber apparently targeting police detonated an explosive outside a court in the city , killing at least people ."
president pervez musharraf and caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro strongly condemned the attacks .
"the acts of terrorism cannot deter government s resolve to fight the scourge with full force , musharraf said , according to the associated press of pakistan ."
soomro said every effort would be made to catch the culprits and punish them .
the white house also released a statement condemning the attack and offering condolences to the families of the victims .
we will stand with the pakistani people as they seek to live in a democratic society free from this needless violence .
ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra says he will plead innocent when he appears in the supreme court on wednesday in one of two corruption cases against him .
"the court session comes just a day before he begins a month long trip back to england , for which the court granted him permission tuesday ."
thaksin told journalists that his court appearance would be a routine one to just . . . deny all the charges against him .
"we can prove our innocence , said thaksin , who was ousted by a september military coup for alleged corruption and abuse of power ."
thaksin faces conflict of interest and malfeasance charges related to his wife s purchase of a prime piece of bangkok real estate in .
she bought the land from a government agency despite an anti corruption law barring politicians and their spouses from doing business with state agencies .
"the court granted thaksin , who owns english premier league soccer team manchester city , permission to leave thailand on thursday for a month , his spokesman said ."
"thaksin told the court he needed to go back to england to look after his soccer team and do some private business , pongthep thepkanjana said ."
"the court s secretary , rakkiat pattanaphong , said thaksin must report back to it on april ."
"thaksin , who became a billionaire in telecommunications , bought manchester city during his months of post coup exile ."
"the team , which has slipped to eighth place in the premier league after a poor run of results , plays tottenham on sunday ."
"thaksin , who was prime minister in , has insisted he has no interest in returning to politics and has said he plans to devote himself to charity work , sports and his family ."
he claimed that in his last few months as prime minister
"mehdi kazemi , , had originally sought asylum in britain , where he was taking classes on a student visa , because , he said , his boyfriend had been executed in iran after saying he and kazemi had been in a gay relationship ."
"britain s home office rejected his request , prompting kazemi to flee to netherlands ."
"tuesday s decision by the council of state the highest administrative court in the netherlands means kazemi could face deportation to britain , which he fears will send him back to iran ."
council spokeswoman daniela tempelman said the council decided it must comply with the dublin regulation and return kazemi to britain .
"under the dublin regulation , european union member nations agree that an application for asylum submitted in any eu country would be handled by that country alone ."
the regulation seeks to ensure that an asylum seeker is not redirected from nation to nation simply because none will take responsibility .
"kazemi s initial appeal for asylum in the netherlands , made in october , was rejected ."
he then appealed unsuccessfully to a regional court in december .
"tempelman said that in order for the dutch court to consider kazemi s asylum application , he needed to prove that britain did not handle his asylum application properly , but he wasn t able to prove any wrongdoing on the part of the british government ."
"kazemi now has exhausted his chances for appeal in the netherlands and , according to tempelman , could be returned to britain on a short notice ."
the british government about six months ago accepted the dutch request to take him back .
kazemi s lawyer will have the option of taking his case to the european court of human rights to request an interim measure that could allow kazemi to stay in europe until further notice .
gay rights activists in europe and iran are also researching kazemi s case .
"when britain is prepared to send a young man back to possible execution , that is inhumanity on a monumental scale , said peter tatchell , an activist for gay campaign group outrage . and i hang my head in shame , as a british citizen ."
"in a written statement , britain s home office said that even though homosexuality is illegal in iran and homosexuals do experience discrimination , it does not believe that homosexuals are routinely persecuted purely on the basis of their sexuality ."
early exit poll results show democratic voters divided in mississippi .
"of those who voted for barack obama , percent said they would be satisfied if hillary clinton was the nominee , according to the exit polls ."
"among clinton voters , only percent said they would be satisfied if obama wins the party s top spot ."
the exit polls are based on surveys of voters in mississippi s democratic primary .
"mississippi has democratic delegates up for grabs tuesday , and with the race so tight , every delegate counts ."
"obama leads clinton in the overall delegate count , , , but neither candidate is close to the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination ."
"clinton is coming off last week s wins in ohio , texas and rhode island ."
"obama won the caucuses in wyoming on saturday , taking seven of the delegates at stake ."
recent polls show obama with a double digit lead over clinton in mississippi .
"between , and , voters were expected to cast ballots tuesday , according to pamela weaver of the mississippi secretary of state s office ."
world marathon record holder haile gebreselassie of ethiopia is unlikely to take part in the event at the beijing olympics . his agent jos hermans said
his dream is to run in two hours and three minutes and to be the first to do that .
it s more important for him than to win another gold medal .
"hermans said that gebreselassie planned to run in the , meters in beijing but would first have to qualify for the ethiopian team , which will be selected after the may meeting in hengelo ."
the international olympic committee has already voiced concern over distance events at the olympics in august and has said that the marathons could be called off if the conditions posed a danger to athletes health .
"cnn it s happened to all of us you print something from the web , and all you get is a sheet of paper with nothing but a url or something equally useless ."
"greenprint , software that analyzes what a computer sends to a printer ."
"then , the software automatically eliminates these pages from the print job ."
"users can reselect the pages if desired and deselect any other pages they don t want to print say , the pages of legal jargon at the end of an airline reservation ."
greenprint also allows users to avoid printing altogether by saving documents as pdf files .
"the average employee prints about , pages a year , and roughly percent of that is waste , hamilton said from his greenprint office in the old town section of portland , oregon ."
"we estimate if greenprint got into widespread use , in the u . s . alone it would save tens of millions of trees a year and hundreds of millions of pounds of polluting carbon dioxide gases ."
"now , greenprint is offering a free version of the software for non business use , supported by advertising ."
tens of thousands of people have downloaded the program in the weeks since its january debut .
"our goal is nothing short of ending wasteful printing worldwide , hamilton said ."
and hamilton said that more than two dozen fortune companies are testing out the product .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn at least people were killed and others were wounded tuesday in three suicide bombings in the eastern pakistani city of lahore , a high ranking police official told cnn ."
two of the attacks targeted an office of the federal investigation agency one at the main gate and the other inside .
"at least people were killed in that blast , which happened shortly before a . m ."
"a police official said up to , people normally work there ."
the federal investigation agency is a national investigative agency similar to the fbi in the united states and is surrounded by heavy security .
"a third suicide bomber exploded outside a house being used by an advertising agency in a residential area known as model town , killing at least four people ."
"caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro strongly condemned the terrorist blasts and expressed sorrow over the loss of life , the associated press of pakistan reported ."
he said every effort would be made to catch the culprits and punish them .
"just a week ago , twin suicide bombers set off explosives at the pakistan navy war college in lahore , killing at least five people and wounding at least ."
"in early january , a suicide bomber , apparently targeting police , detonated an explosive outside a court in lahore , killing at least people and injuring more than ."
matt damon s family is expanding
"the actor and wife luciana are expecting another baby , his rep jennifer allen tells people exclusively ."
"the current people sexiest man alive , , and his wife , , stepped out sunday night at the empire film awards in london with luciana glowing and sporting a baby bump ."
this is the third child for the family
"daughter isabella was born in june , and luciana has a year old daughter , alexia , from a previous marriage ."
the actor is currently shooting the cia thriller green zone in morocco .
"mexico city cnn when manuel uribe went out on a date , he made all the necessary arrangements"
but even the open road wasn t big enough to handle uribe s dream of celebrating a budding romance and his success in losing about pounds .
uribe was halfway to a picnic near his monterrey area home on sunday when one of the posts holding a sun shielding tarp over his bed hit an overpass .
"we were going to celebrate that i ve been losing weight for two years and that it was my girlfriend s birthday , uribe said in a telephone interview ."
the saddest part was that i couldn t fulfill my dream of taking my girlfriend out to eat .
"uribe says that after losing weight on a high protein diet he started two years ago , he s down to about pounds ."
"last year , uribe left his house for the first time in five years ."
"six people pushed his iron bed on wheels out to the street as a mariachi band played and a crowd gathered to see the man who once weighed , pounds ."
"at the time , the year old mechanic rode through the streets of his native san nicolas de los garza to enjoy the sun and wave to neighbors ."
"uribe weighed more than pounds as an adolescent , and he just kept growing ."
"since the summer of , uribe has been bedridden , relying on his mother and friends to feed and clean him ."
he drew worldwide attention when he pleaded for help on national television in january .
"uribe says despite the setback , he still hopes to go out with his girlfriend on june , when he will turn ."
"columbia , south carolina cnn bmw says it will cut . percent of its work force in germany over two years while increasing production in the u . s . by more than percent by ."
"this is completely driven by the plunge in the dollar , said greg gardner with oliver wyman , publisher of the harbour report on automotive manufacturing activity . it is untenable to produce at a much higher cost in germany ."
that means european goods cost more for americans to buy .
"by building the cars in the u . s . , bmw can save money on the lower dollar and on wages since its south carolina workers make less than german workers , gardner said ."
"the declining dollar also means bmw and other foreign automakers likely will start buying locally for more of the parts used by their u . s . plants , he said ."
that shift in production has led to the cuts at home for the munich based luxury car maker .
"bmw s head of personnel , ernst baumann , said last month that , jobs would be cut by the end of the year ."
"that s on top of , positions already eliminated ."
"in the u . s . , bmw manufacturing co . in greer expects to increase production to , cars by , company spokesman bobby hitt said last month ."
"that s up from , last year ."
"conceivably , as the volume increases and the manufacturing system at the spartanburg , south carolina plant improves , costs may come down enough to cut prices of their cars , gardner said ."
"the company has not said what impact the increase in production will have on employment in greer , which has about , permanent employees and up to temporary employees ."
"a vast array of pharmaceuticals including antibiotics , anti convulsants , mood stabilizers and sex hormones have been found in the drinking water supplies of at least million americans , an associated press investigation shows ."
"to be sure , the concentrations of these pharmaceuticals are tiny , measured in quantities of parts per billion or trillion , far below the levels of a medical dose ."
but the presence of so many prescription drugs and over the counter medicines like acetaminophen and ibuprofen in so much of our drinking water is heightening worries among scientists of long term consequences to human health .
"in the course of a five month inquiry , the ap discovered that drugs have been detected in the drinking water supplies of major metropolitan areas from southern california to northern new jersey , from detroit , michigan , to louisville , kentucky ."
"for example , the head of a group representing major california suppliers said the public doesn t know how to interpret the information and might be unduly alarmed ."
how do the drugs get into the water ?
people take pills .
"their bodies absorb some of the medication , but the rest of it passes through and is flushed down the toilet ."
"then , some of the water is cleansed again at drinking water treatment plants and piped to consumers ."
"and while researchers do not yet understand the exact risks from decades of persistent exposure to random combinations of low levels of pharmaceuticals , recent studies which have gone virtually unnoticed by the general public have found alarming effects on human cells and wildlife ."
washington cnn is the united states the greatest country on earth ?
"you hear that a lot , or phrases like that , during this presidential campaign ."
"candidates may attack other candidates , or the sitting president , but they never attack the idea that america is special , a city upon a hill . the last , best hope of earth ."
it s part of america s ideology and its tradition of political rhetoric .
"to many americans ears , it sounds normal ."
"but to citizens of other countries it s sometimes jarring , as if americans put their country ahead of any other , as if the united states thinks it has the right to tell the rest of the world what to do ."
"we went to the jefferson memorial in washington , d . c . and asked visitors if they agree america knows best and the united states has an obligation to spread its values around the world ."
almost everyone we talked with did not agree .
"i have a lot of pride in our government however , at the same time , it is ours and i don t think that it is right to force it on other people ."
"jermane bonilla , from los angeles , said he thinks the united states is a special country , the most powerful nation on earth and the most beautiful country on earth , in my mind ."
"but , he told us it might not be the same model that everybody should be using ."
"they re not the exception , it turns out . in their book , america against the world , pew research center president andrew kohut and journalist bruce stokes say it s more often u . s . leaders who want to impose american values in other countries not the american people ."
"the authors analyzed international surveys of people around the globe going back to the s as well as more than , interviews in countries ."
"contrary to widespread misconceptions , americans pride in their country is not evangelistic ."
"the american people , as opposed to some of their leaders , seek no converts to their ideology ."
"citizens of many other countries , too , may think their national way of life is the best but , these authors say , they don t dominate the globe ."
an endangered and secretive animal rarely seen in the wild has been caught on camera in west africa .
"there are thought to be less than , pygmy hippos left in the wild , and there had been concern for their future because of wars , poaching and their habitat being destroyed ."
despite its size it can grow to almost six feet in length and weigh pounds kilograms the pygmy hippo is one of the most elusive and secretive large mammals on the planet .
"it is rarely seen in the wild where it survives in isolated pockets in rivers and swamps in the dense west african forests of countries including ivory coast , liberia , and sierra leone ."
experts from the zoological society of london zsl set up special hidden cameras in liberia s only national park and the first images of the wild pygmy hippos were recorded within the first three days .
"pygmy hippos are much smaller in size and spend more time on land than their giant relatives , where they feed on leaves and other swamp vegetation ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn at least five u . s . soldiers on foot patrol were killed and three others wounded in a suicide bombing monday in baghdad , u . s . military officials in iraq said ."
"they were with multi national division baghdad . an iraqi interpreter also was wounded in the explosion , the officials said ."
initial reports indicate the bomber was wearing an explosive vest .
"five soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the iraqi and american people . i ask you remember these fallen heroes and their families as well as their wounded brethren in your thoughts and prayers , said col . allen batschelet , chief of staff for multi national division baghdad ."
we remain resolute in our resolve to protect the people of iraq and kill or capture those who would bring them harm .
the explosion marks the deadliest attack against the u . s . military since five soldiers were killed january in a roadside bombing in mosul .
troops killed a saudi insurgent whose network was responsible for that attack .
"earlier , an iraqi interior ministry official said one person was killed and eight people were wounded in a suicide bomb attack targeting a u . s . military convoy in western baghdad ."
it is not clear if the u . s . and iraqi reports are about the same incident .
"gasoline prices were poised monday to set a new record at the pump , having surged to within half a cent of their record high of . a gallon ."
"oil prices , meanwhile , surged above to a new inflation adjusted record and their fifth new high in the last six sessions on an upbeat report on wholesale inventories ."
"the national average price of a gallon of gas rose . cent overnight to . a gallon , cents higher than one year ago , according to aaa and the oil price information service ."
"that record will likely be left in the dust soon as gas prices accelerate toward levels that could approach a gallon , though most analysts believe prices will peak below that psychologically significant mark ."
"in its last forecast , released last month , the energy department said prices will likely peak around . a gallon this spring"
"retail gas prices are following crude oil , jumped percent in a month on its way to setting new inflation adjusted records four times last week ."
"on monday , crude prices surged to yet another record after the commerce department said wholesale sales jumped by . percent in january , their biggest increase in four years , according to dow jones newswires ."
"light , sweet crude for april delivery rose . to . on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier setting a new trading record of . ."
"rome , italy cnn a vatican official has listed drugs , pollution and genetic manipulations as well as social and economic injustices as new areas of sinful behavior ."
"monsignor gianfranco girotti said in an interview published on sunday by the vatican s daily newspaper , l osservatore romano , that known sins increasingly manifest themselves as behavior that damages society as a whole ."
"girotti , who heads the apostolic penitentiary , a vatican body that issues decisions on matters of conscience and grants absolutions told the paper that whilst sin used to concern the individual mostly , today it had a mainly a social resonance , due to the phenomenon of globalization ."
"catholic teaching distinguishes between lesser , so called venial sins , and mortal sins ."
"behavior , girotti denounced certain violations of the fundamental rights of human nature through experiments , genetic manipulations ."
"he also mentioned drugs , which weaken the mind and obscure intelligence pollution as well as the widening social and economic differences between the rich and the poor that cause an unbearable social injustice ."
"girotti said the catholic church continued to be concerned by other sinful acts , including abortion and pedophilia ."
his comments came at the end of a week long vatican conference on confession .
federal prosecutors have unsealed a page affidavit that details a nearly hour rendezvous that took place in a washington hotel room last month between new york s gov . eliot spitzer and a prostitute .
"the affidavit does not mention spitzer by name , but a source with knowledge of the case said the subject identified as client is the governor ."
"according to the affidavit , kristen called lewis about p . m . wednesday , february , and told her she was in client s room number at the washington hotel ."
"four minutes later , client was in the hotel , lewis told kristen in another call ."
"at that time , kristen told lewis client had left and she had collected , ."
"spitzer , who has not been charged , went before reporters monday to confess to an undisclosed personal indiscretion , saying he had acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family , that violates my or any sense of right and wrong ."
"he did not deny the allegations , which were first revealed monday in the new york times , nor did he take questions ."
spitzer is married with three children .
"spitzer , who built his career on rooting out public corruption as new york attorney general , became a national figure with a series of high profile wall street investigations . he is also known for prosecuting prostitution rings ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s attorney general monday rejected a plan by opposition lawmakers to reinstate the country s ousted supreme court justices within days of parliament s first session ."
"in an interview with geo tv , malik mohammed qayyum called the opposition s move a futile attempt and reiterated that president pervez musharraf s dismissal of the judges was legal under the constitution ."
"musharraf has yet to convene parliament , but has said he will do so within two weeks ."
the ousted justices are at the heart of the political crisis that began in pakistan last year .
"musharraf removed nearly all of the supreme court bench in november , days before it was set to rule against the legitimacy of his third term in office ."
"speaking on sunday , asif ali zardari , head of the pakistan people s party , and nawaz sharif , head of the pakistan muslim league n , said they would restore the justices within days of parliament s first session , which they demanded musharraf immediately convene ."
they spoke at a joint news conference shortly after signing an agreement to make their parties coalition official .
"ppp , the party of assassinated benazir bhutto , and pml n won the majority of seats in pakistan s february parliamentary election"
"zardari bhutto s widower and sharif vowed to uphold the charter for democracy , a document signed by the once rival opposition parties last may ."
"the document would restore the powers of the prime minister that were stripped away when musharraf seized power in a coup , including the power to dissolve parliament and appoint military chiefs ."
"despite their victory in parliamentary elections last month , a coalition led by musharraf s party still has a considerable number of seats in the senate ."
sen . barack obama monday flatly rejected suggestions he would be a vice presidential running mate for sen . hillary clinton .
"clinton , obama s rival for the democratic presidential nomination , and her husband , former president clinton , have suggested a joint clinton obama ticket with obama in the second slot ."
president clinton saturday suggested a clinton obama ticket would be unstoppable .
"he would win the urban areas and the upscale voters . she would win the rural areas that we lost when president reagan was president , he said while campaigning in pass christian , mississippi ."
"if you put those two things together , you d have an almost unstoppable force ."
obama forcefully shot that idea down .
"i m running for president of the united states of america , obama told supporters during a rally in columbus , mississippi ."
"obama won the wyoming caucuses saturday , where he picked up seven delegates . clinton won five delegates ."
"beijing , china cnn china will maintain its one child policy for at least another decade , the country s family planning minister said in an interview published monday ."
"the policy , begun in the s , prohibits most couples from bearing more than one child ."
"nearly million chinese will enter child bearing age in the next years , minister minister zhang weiqing told the china daily newspaper ."
he said abandoning the policy during this period would cause serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development .
"after the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , he said ."
"china s population , which now stands at about . billion , is growing at the rate of . percent and is expected to peak around . billion by , according to the u . s . state department ."
china s communist party first implemented the one child rule three decades ago amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population .
"the policy has prevented about million births , the china daily said ."
"in rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances ."
and the guidelines are also looser for ethnic minorities with small population .
enforcement varies but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births .
"while the policy has helped curb population growth , it has also led to forced sterilizations in some parts of the country , the state department said ."
"because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many chinese have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups ."
"even within the country , there have been growing calls in recent years for the law to be overhauled , the china daily said ."
some chinese worry that the law has led to a gender imbalance .
they also worry about china s aging population .
"those years of age and older are expected to make up more than million in the next seven years , according to government figures ."
"cayenne , french guiana cnn a european rocket lifted off from french guiana early sunday on a mission to bring oxygen , food , water and equipment to the international space station ."
"the rocket will carry tons of cargo to the space station , according arianespace , the commercial arm of the country european space agency ."
it is the first of nine missions that arianespace has arranged from this south american country to service the station over the next several years .
"richmond , virginia cnn state legislators passed a law saturday that would require adults who french kiss a child younger than to register as a sex offender ."
"those convicted of tongue kissing a child would be guilty of a misdemeanor , punishable by up to one year in jail and a , fine ."
"the bill now heads to gov . timothy m . kaine , who said he supports the legislation ."
"delegate riley ingram , r hopewell , introduced the bill on behalf of a woman whose year old daughter was french kissed by the year old husband of her babysitter ."
"the only crime prosecutors could charge the man with was contributing to the delinquency of a minor , which did not require that he register as a sex offender ."
"ingram and other members of the house fought to make the crime a felony , but later gave in to senators who thought that classifying it as a felony was too harsh ."
ingram said he was satisfied that a conviction would land someone on
"french voters have sent a warning to president nicolas sarkozy and his conservative government , favoring leftists in the first round of local elections that were seen as a test for his presidency and his reform agenda ."
"pollsters projections showed the socialists and their allies in the lead in key cities from sunday s first round but overall , the left s lead was slim , and the decisive runoffs a week away remained an open battleground ."
"that could put the long struggling leftists on track for gains in the runoff voting march , reversing defeats in the last municipal voting in ."
"voters are choosing mayors and other local leaders in more than , towns and cities nationwide ."
"the president himself sought to infuse them with national import . analysts warned that the bid could backfire on the increasingly unpopular president , and that the overall outcome could affect sarkozy s appetite for reforms to the euro zone s no . economy ."
"segolene royal , the socialist who lost her presidential race against sarkozy last spring , said france was punishing sarkozy for the rising cost of living and meager increases in pensions , among other issues ."
"a bomb on a highway median strip in sri lanka s capital colombo killed one person and wounded another three early monday , police said ."
"a beggar detonated the device when he tried to pick up what appeared to be a parcel left on the median strip , police said ."
the bombing is the latest to hit sri lanka since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
"more than people have been killed in a wave of attacks on buses , train stations and other public places since the start of the year ."
the south korean government has named a female mechanical engineer as its first person to go to space after replacing its initial choice at the request of russian space authorities .
"the ministry of education , science and technology said at a news conference monday that yi so yeon will replace ko san as the country s choice to fly on a russian soyuz capsule to the international space station in early april ."
"the astronaut will work aboard the international space station for about a week with two russian cosmonauts , conducting scientific experiments ."
the mission will make south korea the world s th country and asia s sixth to send an astronaut into space .
"since south korea has had satellites launched , mostly for space and ocean observation and communications , according to the ministry ."
"london , england cnn former british prime minister margaret thatcher walked out of a london hospital saturday morning where she spent the night after feeling unwell during a dinner at the house of lords ."
"thatcher , , was admitted to st . thomas s hospital near parliament for tests friday night , the former pm s spokeswoman gillian penrose said ."
thatcher appeared alert and strong as she walked from the hospital and stepped into a waiting car .
she paused briefly to wave to people gathered to watch her departure .
"nicknamed the iron lady by the soviet press after a speech criticizing communism , thatcher enjoyed a close working relationship with u . s . president ronald reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views ."
"although her doctors advised against public speaking , a frail thatcher attended reagan s funeral , saying in a pre recorded video that reagan was a great president , a great american , and a great man ."
"and i have lost a dear friend , she said ."
thatcher was elected head of the conservative party in and took office as prime minister when the conservatives won control of the government in .
"she won re election in and , but was forced to resign three years later during an internal leadership struggle after she introduced a poll tax levied on community residents rather than property ."
the unpopular tax led to rioting in the streets .
"in her first term , thatcher reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to business , a move that lead to a sharp rise in unemployment ."
"by , unemployment had reached million ."
she retired from public life following a stroke in and suffered several smaller strokes after that .
she was named baroness thatcher of kesteven after leaving office .
thatcher was britain s first and only female prime minister and the first th century british leader to win three terms .
"cnn malaysia s prime minister took the oath of office for a new five year term monday , rejecting calls to resign after an unprecedented electoral setback that has shaken the country s political landscape , the associated press reported ."
"abdullah ahmad badawi was sworn in at a . m . gmt in front of king mizan zainal abidin , the constitutional monarch , and dozens of government dignitaries in the national palace s glittering throne room . the ceremony was telecast live ."
"i pledge to carry out my duties honestly and with all my abilities , abdullah said , reading out the oath . i pledge to protect and uphold the constitution ."
"in a surprise upset , malaysia s ruling party , which has retained power since the nation declared independence in , fell short of a two thirds majority saturday amid rising inflation , crime and ethnic tensions ."
"the protest vote gave the opposition alliance a third of parliament and control of five states , according to the associated press ."
"political tsunami , read the headline of malaysia s the star newspaper ."
"the national front s loss raised questions about the future of its party leader , prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi ."
"his predecessor , mahathir mohamad , has called for his resignation , the associated press reported , a prospect badawi shot down in a news conference after preliminary results were announced ."
"his national front coalition won of the seats at stake , or less than percent , the election commission announced in releasing preliminary results , according to state news agency bernama ."
"the opposition alliance of the democratic action party , the people s justice party and the islamic pan malaysian islamic party , or pas claimed seats , or percent ."
badawi has been battling demonstrations against alleged vote fraud for weeks and demanded an overhaul of malaysia s electoral commission before the election .
"last fall , more than , protesters gathered in the streets and faced squads of police with water cannons ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn shortly after making their coalition official , pakistan s main opposition parties on sunday called on president pervez musharraf to immediately convene parliament ."
the leaders of both parties vowed to restore pakistan s deposed judges within days after the first session of parliament .
musharraf said saturday that he would call parliament into session within two weeks .
musharraf sacked nearly all of the country s supreme court justices and many other judges across the country shortly after declaring a state of emergency in early november .
"the emergency order was lifted six weeks later , but none of the justices were reinstated ."
former chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and several other of the sacked justices remain under house arrest .
their supporters say they were ousted because they were set to rule against the legitimacy of musharraf s third term in office .
"asif ali zardari , head of the pakistan people s party , and nawaz sharif , head of the pakistan muslim league n , spoke sunday at a news conference outside islamabad shortly after signing an agreement to make their parties coalition official ."
"they have not named a nominee for the prime minister post , saying that announcement will happen when parliament is called into session ."
"ppp , the party of slain opposition leader benazir bhutto , and pml n won the majority of seats in pakistan s february parliamentary election"
"when asked about working with musharraf s government , zardari bhutto s widower said the coalition believes the new prime minister will be able to work with the office of the presidency in harmony ."
the venezuelan government on sunday announced it is re establishing normal diplomatic ties with colombia after the two south american countries resolved their differences over colombia s recent cross border attack on rebels in ecuador .
"the move follows a meeting of the presidents of colombia , venezuela and ecuador in the dominican republic on friday ."
"they signed a declaration to end a crisis sparked by the attack , when colombian troops killed a rebel leader and others inside ecuadoran territory ."
"the venezuelan government will send to bogota , immediately , diplomatic personnel charged with representing the republic before the government of colombia , the venezuelan government said in a statement posted online sunday . in the same manner , the venezuelan government has communicated to the colombia authorities their disposition to receive in caracas , in a short time , the diplomatic personnel of the sister republic ."
"with the promise not to ever again assault a brother country and the request for forgiveness by colombia , we can consider this very serious incident resolved , ecuadoran president rafael correa said friday ."
"correa , venezuelan president hugo chavez and colombian president alvaro uribe shook hands at the end of what had been a contentious meeting of the rio group of latin american leaders ."
"in the accord , the leaders condemned colombia s action and affirmed that no country has the right to violate the territory of another ."
the diplomatic spat began march when colombian troops and police crossed into ecuador and killed people .
"the dead included luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes , the second in command of the leadership council of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc in its spanish acronym ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn a train slammed into a chartered bus on sunday killing people and injuring , police said ."
"the crash occurred about a . m . , when the bus drove into the path of an approaching train in dolores , about miles south of the capital ."
television footage showed the bus lying on its side and a number of derailed train cars .
"seats , luggage and clothing were scattered as far as feet from the point of impact ."
local media reported the bus driver survived and is in police custody .
"all but one of the casualties were passengers on the train and bus , police said ."
"the bus was coming from the beach resort of mar de ajo on its way to san miguel , outside the capital of buenos aires , according to a sign on the bus ."
buenos aires province governor daniel scioli visited the scene and said it was a day of pain in the province and the nation .
"after losing democratic contests in the delegate rich states of ohio and texas this week , presidential candidate sen . barack obama won the wyoming democratic caucus saturday ."
"obama led rival sen . hillary clinton by percent to percent , with all of the precincts reporting ."
"the caucus thrust the state , which has only delegates , into the spotlight because the close race between obama and clinton means that every delegate counts ."
"with slightly more than delegates left at stake , every remaining contest is crucial to both candidates ."
"the two are separated by fewer than delegates , cnn estimates , with obama leading clinton , to , ."
"cnn estimates that obama will win at least seven delegates and clinton will win at least four , with one delegate still outstanding . five of wyoming s delegates will be allocated at the state convention , which will be held memorial day in jackson , but the allocation will be based on caucus results ."
"we are thrilled with this near split in delegates and are grateful to the people of wyoming for their support , clinton s campaign manager , maggie williams , said in a statement ."
"although the obama campaign predicted victory in wyoming weeks ago , we worked hard to present sen . clinton s vision to the caucus goers , and we thank them for turning out today ."
"on friday , both senators were in wyoming to lure last minute votes ."
"clinton held town hall meetings in cheyenne and casper , and also dispatched former president clinton to help drum up support ."
"obama spoke at a town hall meeting in casper , using the opportunity to criticize clinton s vote on the war in iraq ."
"i will bring this war to an end in , so don t be confused . . . when senator clinton is not willing to acknowledge that she voted for war , he said ."
"new york , new york cnn the new york police department has released photos of a bicycle and a suspect in thursday s times square recruitment center bombing ."
"the photo of the suspect , extracted from surveillance footage and released on friday , shows someone riding a bicycle away from the scene shortly after the explosion . the second photo shows a metallic blue bicycle that was found abandoned in trash nearby ."
"authorities are offering a , reward for information in that leads to an arrest in the case ."
"authorities were re examining an incident that happened last month at the u . s . canadian border , new york police commissioner ray kelly told cnn friday ."
"a car with three people was halted as it crossed from new york into canada , a senior u . s . government official told cnn , and the car was searched as a matter of routine , the official said ."
"anarchist type material was found , the official said , and in a backpack , agents found pictures of new york , including ones of times square , at least one of which showed the recruiting station ."
"the people told authorities that they had been visiting new york city for a week . at some point , two of the three both men ran off ."
"the canadians then forwarded the information to the new york police liaison officer in canada , who alerted police . however , it was eventually determined by the canadians and nypd that the incident posed no threat ."
the official said he strongly doubts a connection will be found between the information garnered from that incident and the times square bombing .
"chinese officials told the state run media sunday that they successfully thwarted two terrorist attacks , including one targeting the summer olympic games ."
officials blamed both attacks on separatists operating out of an autonomous region in northwest china .
the news agency did not provide additional information on the plot .
"the autonomous region is home to about million people , most of whom are muslims and other minorities ."
many of them oppose beijing s rule .
"also sunday , another chinese official told xinhua that a china southern airlines plane was forced to land because some people were attempting to create an air disaster ."
"the flight had taken off from urumqi , the capital of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region ."
"the militants attempt to hijack the plane was foiled by the flight crew , the official said . wang lequan , chief of the xinjiang regional committee of the communist party of china , said the government was prepared to strike against the three evil forces in the region"
"terrorists , separatists and extremists ."
"we are prepared to strike them when the evil forces are planning their activities , he told xinhua ."
"moments after his challenger conceded , prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero thanked a crowd of cheering supporters for sunday s win by his socialists in spain s parliamentary elections ."
"thanks to all the citizens who have participated , zapatero said . and thanks from my heart to the citizens who have , with their votes , given a clear victory to the socialist party ."
"with percent of the vote tallied , zapatero s socialists had percent of the vote , followed by mariano rajoy s conservative partido popular with percent . sunday s turnout was put at . percent late in the day ."
"zapatero has ruled with a plurality since , when he and rajoy first faced each other in a general election ."
"at the pp headquarters , the mood was somber among the several hundred people who showed up outside the building ."
campaign chief pio garcia escudero said he would wait for the votes to be counted .
"as of p . m . sunday , turnout was running percentage points below the turnout of ."
"that year , overall turnout was percent ."
"this year , zapatero appears to have overcome concern about a faltering economy and the death on friday of a former socialist town councilman , who was killed in an attack in northern spain which was blamed on basque separatist group eta ."
"the election four years ago , held in the wake of the madrid train bombings that killed people , gave zapatero s socialists an upset victory ."
zapatero s first decision upon taking office in was to pull spain s troops out of iraq .
"zapatero has put spain in the vanguard of european social policy , legalizing gay marriage and making divorces easier to obtain ."
roman catholics staged a mass demonstration in madrid last december to blast the government policies .
"cnn the chadian children whom six french charity workers were convicted of attempting to kidnap will soon be reunited with their families , the united nations children agency said friday ."
"the children have been living in an orphanage in abeche , in eastern chad , since late october ."
the charity had said the children were orphans from sudan s war torn darfur region and were being taken to foster families in france .
"however , other charities determined that most of the children were from chad , not sudan , and had at least one living parent ."
"beginning next week , a unicef team will travel to abeche , adre and tine to facilitate reuniting the girls and boys , aged to , with their families ."
"chad s government has approved the move , unicef said ."
"interviews with the children indicated that the majority were from villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian sudanese border , according to a november statement from the red cross , unicef , and the u . n . high commissioner for refugees ."
"the kidnapping scandal attracted international attention , with french authorities reacting angrily to the charity s trip , calling the group s actions illegal and irresponsible ."
"however , french president nicolas sarkozy intervened on the six s behalf after a chadian court sentenced the six aid workers to eight years of hard labor in chad , and the central african nation handed them over to france to serve their sentences ."
"in late january , a french court sentenced eric breteau the group s leader emilie lelouch , alain peligat , philippe van winkelberg , dominique aubry and nadia merimi to eight years in a french prison ."
"cnn the presidents of colombia , ecuador and venezuela , entangled in a crisis sparked by a raid by colombian forces into ecuador , plan to join other latin american leaders at a summit friday ."
"colombian forces killed people in the cross border raid , which targeted a rebel group that has fought the colombian government for more than years ."
"the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known by its spanish acronym farc , has operated out of camps in ecuador , according to colombia s government ."
"colombia has apologized for conducting an attack inside ecuador , but it also has said the killing of a senior leader of farc in the raid was the most significant blow in more than four decades of warfare between the colombian government and the group , which the united states and european union label a terrorist organization ."
"after the raid , ecuador and venezuela , leftist allies that border colombia , moved troops toward the frontier and denounced the rightist government of colombia ."
"they have urged other countries in latin america to condemn colombia s actions , efforts that paid off as nicaragua broke diplomatic relations with colombia on thursday ."
"president rafael correa of ecuador would like the rio group to categorically reject the aggression against ecuador , according to a statement on an ecuadoran government web site ."
"his counterpart in venezuela , president hugo chavez , says that colombia should accept that it made a mistake , he said , according to the bolivariana news agency ."
foreign ministers from across latin america met thursday in a prelude to the presidential meetings scheduled for friday .
they said they hoped for a calm resolution to the crisis .
"we have to see everything every action that can be seen to bring about a peaceful solution , said david choquehuanca , the bolivian foreign minister ."
"alejandro foxley , the chilean foreign minister , said he worried that colombia s action would set a bad precedent in a region that , more than anything , needs to be united ."
"the promotion of peace is an essential value of democracy , he said , and you re not going to see any integration in latin america or south america if those of us in the various countries don t actively cooperate so that these acts never happen again ."
"jerusalem cnn authorities closed the palestinian territories friday , a day after a gunman from east jerusalem opened fire at a jewish seminary school , killing eight students ."
"the general closure of the west bank and gaza went into effect early friday morning and will be lifted according to security assessments , a statement from israel defense forces said ."
a jerusalem police spokesman identified the shooter friday as ala abu dehein from east jerusalem s jabel mukaber neighborhood .
he was employed as a driver and held an identity card that israel issues to palestinians who live in east jerusalem .
hundreds of israelis gathered at the school friday to mourn the students who were killed in thursday s attack .
the grief stricken crowd spilled outside the school and onto the surrounding streets .
"the students , ages to , died thursday night when a gunman armed with an automatic weapon and a handgun slipped into the school and began shooting ."
their bodies were wrapped in white and blue cloth and laid on benches in the school s courtyard .
"at least nine others were wounded before an off duty israel defense forces officer shot the gunman dead , jerusalem district police commander aharon franko said ."
"heightened tensions prompted israeli authorities to beef up security , prompting the closures of the palestinian territories and limiting access for many young men to the al aqsa mosque in old jerusalem ."
"israel is at the forefront of the struggle against terrorism and will continue to defend its citizens , who are exposed to this threat on a daily basis , israel s foreign ministry said in a written statement ."
"toronto , canada cnn a first year ryerson university student is being accused of cheating after helping to run an online study group on facebook ."
"chris avenir is accused of academic misconduct because of the site , where classmates swapped tips on homework questions ."
the year old computer engineering student faces an expulsion hearing tuesday before the engineering faculty appeals committee .
"avenir , who is still attending classes at the toronto school pending his hearing , can take his case to the university senate if he loses that appeal ."
"kim neale of the student union , who will represent avenir at the hearing , says the incident has sent shock waves through student ranks ."
neale told the toronto star the facebook site is no different than any study group working together on homework in a library .
andy roddick used his strong serve to upset rafael nadal to reach the semifinals of the dubai tennis championships .
"the sixth seeded american closed the match with one of his aces , and had numerous service winners against the second seeded spaniard ."
"one ace was . mph , breaking the dubai serve record he set a day earlier . i knew i was going to hit it well , from the first point ."
"roddick had several love games in the match , using his powerful forehand to keep nadal at bay ."
"the way he was serving tonight , it s tough , nadal said . you feel a lot of pressure when you re serving ."
nadal said he made too many errors on his forehands on crucial points .
roddick will next face new tournament favourite novak djokovic for a place in the final after the third seed overwhelmed russian igor andreev .
"cnn for two years , kara johnson tried it all"
"scratching posts , bottles of citrus spray , even little plastic covers for the nails of her two cats ."
nothing deterred them from doing serious damage to her house and each other with their tiny claws .
"sofas were reduced to shreds , shoes to tatters ."
the cats inflicted three serious eye injuries on each other .
"and then , johnson and her boyfriend couldn t find an apartment without proving the pets were declawed ."
"finally , last month , they were during a routine surgery that removes the nails and part of the bones they grow from ."
such is the polarizing debate over cat declawing .
"it s permanently crippling and it should never be performed by anyone , says laura brown , an animal care specialist at people for the ethical treatment of animals peta ."
"nancy peterson , feral cat program manager for the humane society , urges vets to educate cat owners about destructive scratching ."
"cats start to scratch at a very early age , about weeks or so , which is often the age they re being adopted into a family , she says ."
but peterson says many vets reflexively offer surgery and give little information about alternatives .
many people don t realize exactly what this surgery is .
"she then chose a veterinarian with care , opting to drive two hours from home to use a doctor she trusts ."
"we don t have children and don t plan to have children , she says , so they are our children ."
"cnn forbes list of the world s wealthy has named warren buffett the richest person on the planet , surpassing his friend and philanthropic partner bill gates who had held the title for consecutive years ."
"the american investor and philanthropist is worth an estimated billion , up billion from a year ago thanks to surging prices of berkshire hathaway stock , according to forbes magazine s annual ranking of the world s billionaires ."
"mexican telecom tycoon carlos slim helu was named the world s second richest man , with a net worth of around billion , up billion since last march ."
"for the first time , forbes rich list named more than , billionaires from around the world , with newcomers ."
"the total net worth of the group is . trillion , up billion from ."
"this year s survey finds an increasing number of the world s richest coming from emerging markets , including china , india and russia ."
"two years ago , of the top billionaires were from the united states . this year , there are only four ."
"india is now home to four of the richest people in the world , the highest number for a single country ."
"but the united states still holds the top spot as the country with the most billionaires americans account for percent of the world s billionaires and percent of the total wealth , according to forbes ."
"discount air carrier southwest airlines flew thousands of passengers on aircraft that federal inspectors said were unsafe as recently as last march , according to detailed congressional documents obtained by cnn ."
documents submitted by faa inspectors to congressional investigators allege the airline flew at least of its planes in violation of mandatory safety checks .
"in some cases , the documents say , the planes flew for months after government inspection deadlines had passed and should have been grounded until the inspections could be completed ."
"on thursday , the faa initiated actions to seek a . million civil penalty against southwest for allegedly operating airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking ."
"the faa is taking action against southwest airlines for a failing to follow rules that are designed to protect passengers and crew , said nicholas a . sabatini , the faa s associate administrator for aviation safety , in a written statement ."
"calling it one of the worst safety violations he has ever seen , rep . james oberstar , d minnesota , is expected to call a hearing as soon as possible to ask why the airline put its passengers in danger ."
"honolulu , hawaii cnn hawaii tourism officials are looking to china and south korea to help offset continuing declines in the number of visitors from japan , the state s largest source of foreign tourists ."
the interest in those markets comes at a time when the overall number of tourists to hawaii is also declining .
"nearly . million visitors came to the islands last year , a drop of . percent from ."
"while arrivals in january increased over the same month last year , the number of visitors in is expected to decline by . percent ."
"i wouldn t bet the mortgage on the fact that january is going to continue , said rex johnson , head of the hawaii tourism authority ."
"while january saw a surge in canadian visitors , arrivals from japan dropped by . percent ."
more than . million japanese visited hawaii last year .
"marsha wienert , state tourism liaison , said more japanese visitors are not returning to hawaii after their first trip in favor of new , cheaper destinations , such as taiwan ."
"while state tourism officials are trying to increase tourism from japan , they are also turning to china and south korea ."
"south korean tourist arrivals have been hovering at around , a year far below the high of , in ."
visitors from the country must currently apply for a visa in person at the u . s . embassy in seoul before they leave for the united states .
"short term visitors from japan and selected other nations , in contrast , may enter the united states without obtaining a visa in advance ."
tourism officials say they hope south koreans will be able to do the same by the end of or the beginning of next year under a law signed by president bush last year that allows more countries to qualify for visa waivers .
"she added that hawaii also expects to see increases in visitors from china , where the islands could not actively promote themselves until recently ."
"but frank haas , assistant dean of the school of travel industry management at the university of hawaii at manoa , said the chinese face many obstacles in traveling to hawaii ."
"they must apply for visas in person and don t have convenient flights to the state , he said ."
"he added that while the country has a growing middle class , it does not have the spending power of japan ."
election officials in texas have resumed counting votes from tuesday s caucuses after overwhelming turnout pushed the caucuses later than expected .
"state democratic party officials say that final results from tuesday s caucuses won t be certified until county level conventions convene on march , but that they expect to release their last batch of unofficial results thursday evening ."
officials stopped counting caucus results early and resumed later in the day wednesday before calling it a night .
"sen . barack obama led with about percent of state delegates in the caucuses , compared to about percent for sen . hillary clinton , with about percent of the state reporting by thursday morning ."
clinton won the state s primary percent to obama s percent .
the state party awards the delegates proportionally statewide clinton earned delegates to obama s .
the caucuses determine how the remaining third of texas delegates are allocated .
"clinton also won tuesday in ohio and rhode island , while obama won vermont ."
"the texas democratic party estimates . million texans attended the precinct conventions , doubling the , who voted in ."
new york cnn whoopi goldberg says her friend patrick swayze who was recently diagnosed with pancreatic cancer is the reason she won an oscar for ghost .
"when i won my academy award , the only person i really thanked was patrick , goldberg recalled thursday on abc daytime talk show the view ."
"goldberg , who starred alongside swayze in the film , earned a best supporting actress trophy for her portrayal of psychic oda mae brown , who helps slain businessman sam wheat swayze communicate with his grieving fiancee and solve the mystery of his murder ."
the year old actress comedian said swayze persuaded director jerry zucker to cast her in the film amid some resistance .
"according to goldberg , swayze said , i m not making this movie unless you put whoopi goldberg in there ."
"swayze , , has been undergoing treatment for pancreatic cancer , his representative annett wolf said wednesday ."
"in a statement released by wolf , swayze s physician dr . george fisher said he was optimistic about the dirty dancing actor s prognosis for battling the disease"
patrick has a very limited amount of disease and he appears to be responding well to treatment thus far .
goldberg said she hadn t spoken to swayze about his health .
security camera footage shows a person approach a times square military recruiting office and ride away on a bicycle shortly before a bomb damaged the building thursday morning .
"the video , shown by police commissioner ray kelly , shows the person approach the station on the bicycle , get off and walk up a metal ramp to the door ."
"after about a minute , the person returns to the bike and rides away ."
"less than two minutes later , a bright flash and a cloud of white smoke signal the explosion ."
"a witness at the scene saw the person on the bicycle , but couldn t tell the sex or race because the individual was wearing a hooded jacket that covered most of the face , kelly said ."
"however , police suspect the cyclist was male because the witness described the person as being large ."
a speed bike in good condition was later found in a trash bin not far from the scene . police said they were trying to determine if it was the bicycle seen in the video .
"no one has taken responsibility for the attack , mayor michael bloomberg said ."
"whoever the coward was that committed this disgraceful act on our city will be found and prosecuted to the full extent of the law , bloomberg said ."
"the recruiting office , one of the nation s busiest , has been the site of periodic anti war protests , the associated press reported ."
"london , england cnn five people got the lavish ride of a lifetime as the only passengers on a transatlantic flight , causing environmental groups to criticize the major carrier for leaving a wasteful carbon footprint ."
"using about , liters , imperial gallons or , liters per passenger of jet fuel for the nine hour trip from chicago to london , american airlines is being accused of unnecessary waste ."
"each passenger left a footprint of . tons of carbon dioxide , enough to drive an average car , kilometers , miles ."
"flying virtually empty planes is an obscene waste of fuel . through no fault of their own , each passenger s carbon footprint for this flight is about times what it would have been if the plane had been full , friends of the earth s transport campaigner richard dyer said ."
"because of a mechanical malfunction , aa flight was hours late leaving chicago s o hare airport on february ."
"though most passengers made other arrangements to london , five lucky passengers unable to be rebooked made the , kilometer , mile flight in business class , with two crew members per passenger ."
american airlines said it chose to continue with the flight because of the full load of passengers waiting at london s heathrow airport to return to the united states .
"with such a small passenger load we did consider whether we could cancel the flight and re accommodate the five remaining passengers on other flights , says american airlines european spokesperson anneliese morris ."
"however , this would have left a plane load of west bound passengers stranded in london heathrow who were due to fly to the u . s . on the same aircraft ."
"environmental groups such as friends of the earth say that international governments should hold the aviation industry accountable for the amount of co they produce each year , and point to instances like this to show that airlines should pay a fuel tax to rein them in ."
"governments must stop granting the aviation industry the unfair privileges that allow this to happen by taxing aviation fuel and including emissions from aviation in international agreements to tackle climate change , dyer said ."
oil prices steadied thursday after rising to a record near a barrel due to a surprising drop in u . s . crude supplies and a new low for the dollar against the euro .
also supporting oil prices were opec s decision to hold its output steady and an escalating crisis involving three oil producing south american nations .
"by the afternoon in europe , light , sweet crude for april delivery was unchanged from the previous day s close at . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange ."
some traders attributed the sudden jump to news of a minor blast early thursday that damaged a military recruiting station in times square .
"no one was injured in the incident , police said ."
"on wednesday , the april contract had jumped us to settle at a record us . a barrel and later rose to us . in post settlement electronic trading ."
"earlier this week , oil prices broke the previous inflation adjusted price record of us . , set in during the iran hostage crisis ."
"in london , brent crude fell cents to us . a barrel on the ice futures exchange ."
"jerusalem cnn a gunman opened fire on people inside a jewish seminary in jerusalem on thursday , killing at least eight , police and rescue officials said ."
dozens of police officers were scouring the campus and surrounding streets .
"outside the school , scores of israeli men gathered from surrounding neighborhoods , demanding justice for the attack ."
police spokesman mickey rosenfeld said the attacker opened fire on innocent youngsters studying . a number of students have been killed .
the gunman was carrying an ak and a pistol and had time to swap weapons during the massacre .
police are trying to identify the gunman and figure out how he managed to enter the large three story school situated in a bustling residential neighborhood with little notice .
"israeli police and ambulance officials said eight people were killed by the attacker , who was shot dead ."
"eight people were injured , five of them seriously , according to police . most of the victims were students in their teens and s , medical officials said ."
"there was no alert or warning about this attack , franko said . he added an off duty israel defense forces officer fatally shot the attacker ."
the attack comes in the wake of a large scale israeli offensive in gaza that began last week and killed more than people .
two israeli soldiers have also been killed .
"fawzy barhoom , a spokesman for hamas which controls gaza , said this operation came directly after the attack committed inside gaza . this operation is a normal response ."
"but palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas said in a written statement , the palestinian authority condemns any attack on innocent civilians ."
"the attack was carried out on the merkaz harav yeshiva in the kiryat moshe neighborhood of west jerusalem . it is one of the largest seminaries in israel , with about students in the yeshiva and in an advanced graduate program ."
"an israeli foreign ministry statement said tonight s murder of yeshiva students during a religious event expresses at its most deplorable the fundamentalist extremist foundations , in the name of which palestinian terrorism operates ."
"sen . barack obama raised million in february , his campaign reported thursday , setting a record for political fundraising in one month ."
"the amount far outpaces the million his rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , raised over the same period ."
the illinois democrat set the previous record in january when he raised million .
"the campaign said , donors contributed to the campaign in february ."
more than half of them were first time contributors .
"a majority of the money , million , was raised online , the campaign said ."
"more than percent of the donations were under , and more than half were under ."
"less than million of the funds raised in february can only be used if obama receives his party s nomination , the campaign said . all the rest may go toward campaigning in the primary season ."
clinton and obama s battle for the democratic presidential nomination took on new energy this week when after clinton s comeback victories in ohio and texas tuesday .
"the clinton campaign has been raising million a day since clinton s victories tuesday , a campaign adviser tells cnn ."
"the next big prize is pennsylvania , which holds its primary on april ."
"the two candidates are separated by less than delegates , cnn estimates , with obama currently leading clinton , to , ."
"researchers have uncovered a rare photograph of a young helen keller with her teacher anne sullivan , nearly years after it was taken on cape cod ."
"the photograph , shot in july in brewster , shows an year old helen sitting outside in a light colored dress , holding sullivan s hand and cradling one of her beloved dolls ."
"it s really one of the best images i ve seen in a long , long time , said helen selsdon , an archivist at the american federation for the blind , where keller worked for more than years ."
this is just a huge visual addition to the history of helen and annie .
"for more than a century , though , the photograph was hidden in an album that belonged to the family of thaxter spencer , an year old man in waltham ."
"turkish troops fired artillery shells into northern iraq on wednesday nearly a week after turkey completed its eight day ground offensive targeting kurdish militants , an iraqi official told cnn ."
irbil is one of the three provinces compromising iraq s kurdish region .
yawer said turkish helicopters were seen in the area during the strike but said that the choppers were not involved in the attack .
"the border conflict has wider implications for the middle east and asia , with the united states concerned that prolonged cross border fighting would serve to destabilize the region , where kurdish separatists pose challenges to power in iran and syria , as well as turkey raquo"
turkish troops launched a ground offensive on the evening of feb . to prevent the region from being used as a safe haven by the terrorists and to contribute to the internal peace and stability of iraq in the long run .
"it was the first significant turkish ground offensive into iraq since the overthrow of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein , and it ended after iraqi and u . s . officials urged turkey to make the foray as brief as possible ."
"a total of rebels , troops , and three village guards were killed , the turkish military said ."
"london , england cnn cocaine abusing celebrities are glamorizing the use of narcotics and encouraging more young people to use illegal substances , the united nations drug control agency has warned ."
the annual report from the international narcotics control board warns that treating stars leniently by allowing them to get away with drug crimes undermines faith in the criminal justice system and has a damaging effect on adolescents .
"they get more lenient responses by the judiciary and law enforcement , and that is regrettable , professor hamid ghodse , a member of the incb , told the uk s press association wednesday ."
there should not be any difference between a celebrity who is breaking the law and non celebrities .
"not only does it give the wrong messages to young people , who are quite impressionable , but the wider public becomes cynical about the responses to drug offenders , ghodse said ."
"last month , acclaimed singer amy winehouse was questioned by police after a video emerged which appeared to show her smoking crack ."
last fall she was arrested and fined in norway for possessing marijuana .
"winehouse was due to appear in a norwegian courtroom to contest the drug charges at the end of february . the hearing was postponed indefinitely , pa said , after the court approved a request from winehouse s lawyer . watch how celebrity drug scandals affect children raquo"
"despite losing modeling contracts in the wake of the revelations , she later won fresh jobs and remains one of the world s top models ."
"the report found that britain , along with spain and italy , have some of the highest rates of cocaine abuse in the world ."
the report also expressed concerns on rising opium production in afghanistan .
"malaysia s government has intensified efforts to portray opposition figure anwar ibrahim as a political turncoat , days ahead of general elections that will determine whether he poses a legitimate threat to the ruling coalition ."
newspapers linked to the ruling national front coalition published numerous reports thursday that quoted top government officials accusing anwar of having shown no respect for ethnic minorities when he was deputy prime minister between and .
"anwar now leads the people s justice party , which is contesting the most number of parliamentary seats of any opposition group in saturday s ballot ."
"rome , italy cnn pope benedict xvi plans to meet with muslim scholars and religious leaders this autumn at a catholic muslim seminar in rome , the vatican said wednesday ."
two dozen scholars and leaders will be meeting november .
the pope who will be receiving the seminar participants is scheduled to meet with muslim scholars on the last day of the conference .
the announcement came after prominent muslims and catholics held talks at the vatican this week in which they agreed to establish a catholic muslim forum and to organize the november seminar .
"the theme of the seminar will be love of god , love of neighbor , the vatican said in a news release ."
theological and spiritual foundations will be the sub theme on the first day . human dignity and mutual respect will be the topic on the second day .
a public session will be held on the third day .
"the roman catholic church has been working to foster dialogue with muslims in recent years , especially in light of comments made by benedict in september ."
"he angered muslims when he quoted a th century byzantine emperor who characterized some of the teachings of islam s prophet , mohammed , as evil and inhuman and spread by the sword ."
"the pope and the vatican , however , have worked to forge dialogue and reconciliation with the muslim world , including a visit to turkey by the pope in november ."
"moscow , russia cnn ukraine s government will force the company that manages its natural gas supplies to pay off its debts to russia s gazprom to resolve a crisis that reduced the flow of gas supplies into ukraine and threatened to disrupt european gas supplies , ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko said wednesday ."
tymoshenko denied a report that her country would divert some of the gas that passes through the country on its way from russia to europe to make up for gazprom s decision to cut ukraine s gas supply in half because of the failure to pay .
"gazprom cut its shipments to ukraine in half because the ukraine company naftogaz defaulted on paying for the commodity , the russian gas company said tuesday ."
informed by ukraine that it was diverting some of the gas that passes through the country on its way from russia to europe to make up for the reduction .
"tymoshenko , in a statement released wednesday , denied any disruption of the gas flow to europe ."
"ukraine is a reliable partner and we do not violate our obligations a jot concerning natural gas export to the european states , she said ."
the statement also said her government would pass a resolution wednesday that will oblige naftogaz to pay the past due gas bills .
the crisis comes less than a month after the leaders of russia and ukraine met in moscow and agreed in principle on a price for natural gas for .
"on tuesday , gazprom said it was halting percent of its gas deliveries beginning at p . m . moscow time noon et ."
"cnn a hijacker armed with explosives took australian tourists hostage on a bus in northwest china wednesday , before police shot him dead , media in both countries reported ."
"the man released all but two of the hostages shortly after taking them captive , but held on to a woman and the group s translator , australian media said , quoting the country s department for foreign affairs and trade ."
"the man had demanded that police let him move to another bus and then drive to an airport , china s state run news agency , xinhua said ."
"the xinhua news agency also identified the hijacker as a man called as xia tao , who took control of the bus in the tourist city of xi an ."
"police complied , in part to avoid violence in a downtown area of the shaanxi province ."
"once the bus approached an airport toll booth and their attempts at negotiations failed , police shot the man , the xinhua news agency said ."
the woman and her translator were unharmed .
"janaline oh , a spokeswoman for the australian embassy in beijing told the associated press she could not confirm that the man had been shot . police in xi an did not answer telephone calls ."
she also said said nine hostages were released early in the incident and taken to safety . she said a year old woman from new south wales was not immediately released and that chinese police had to intervene to rescue her .
"page , arizona cnn federal officials have started a flood in the grand canyon in hopes of restoring its ecosystem ."
the torrent will flow for three days from the glen canyon dam on the arizona utah state line .
it began wednesday morning .
the canyon s ecosystem was permanently changed after the construction of the glen canyon dam in .
"the colorado river downstream used to be warm and muddy , but now it s cold and clear ."
"the shift helped speed the extinction of four fish species and push two others , including the endangered humpback chub , near the edge ."
officials hope the flooding will stir up sediment and redistribute it through the canyon .
"opec on wednesday accused the u . s . of economic mismanagement that it said is pushing oil prices to record highs , rebuffing calls to boost output and laying blame at the feet of the bush administration ."
oil prices surged past a barrel for the first time after the opec announcement and the release of a u . s . government report showing a surprise drop in crude oil stockpiles .
the nation organization of petroleum exporting countries said it would maintain current production levels because crude supplies are plentiful and demand is expected to weaken in the second quarter .
"opec president chakib khelil told reporters the global market is being affected by what he called the mismanagement of the u . s . economy , and that the u . s . s problems"
"white house spokesman dana perino said wednesday that president bush was disappointed opec didn t do more to rein in prices , which some say are pushing the u . s . economy into recession ."
"although opec opted not to intervene , it did pledge to maintain constant vigilance over the market ."
"berlin , germany cnn germany s defense ministry said that it would take very seriously a parliamentary report indicating that the nation s soldiers are more overweight than average civilians , a spokesman said wednesday ."
"ministry spokesman thomas raabe said the ministry was carefully analyzing the report , issued tuesday by the parliamentary commissioner for the military , reinhold robbe , and would provide a summary of its own findings by midyear ."
his report drew on a study conducted by sports physicians at the university of cologne showing that percent of all soldiers between the ages of and are overweight
", compared with percent of german civilians the same age ."
"president bush endorsed sen . john mccain for president on wednesday , saying the presumptive republican nominee has the character , courage and perseverance to lead the country ."
mccain thanked the president for his support and the work he has done in the oval office .
"i appreciate his endorsement , and i appreciate his service to our country , said mccain , adding that he wanted bush at his side as much as possible on the campaign trail ."
but he said the run for the oval office was not his battle .
"addressing the calls for change in the presidential campaign , bush said mccain would be steadfast to one of his administration s policies ."
"he s not gonna change when it comes to taking on the enemy , bush said of the senator from arizona ."
"protecting the american people was the no . job of a president and mccain understood that , bush said ."
"he s gonna be a president who will bring determination to defeat an enemy , bush said ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi forces fighting oil theft have been working to recruit young men from tribes that long have been aiding the smugglers , the country s oil minister told cnn ."
"this is what we are going to do in any area where we are going to develop an oil or gas field or lay a new pipeline or carry out any new activity , hussein al shahristani told cnn on monday . we are going to recruit people from the very community ."
oil is iraq s key industry .
"the country s budget for is billion , al shahristani said , and a conservative accounting of revenue from the oil sector is about billion to billion ."
al shahristani said iraq s current oil production is about . million barrels per day and current export level is about million barrels per day .
he said monthly revenue from oil sales is about billion .
he likened the people in iraq s oil region who work with oil smugglers to farmers in afghanistan who grow and sell poppies to insurgents for drug production
they are poor and they need to earn a living .
"al shahristani said iraq plans to change the hearts and minds of people who have been helping smugglers and pipeline saboteurs , particularly in southeastern iraq , where most of the country s lucrative oil industry is based ."
"the tribes along the pipelines have been aware of and have helped facilitate smuggling activities , he said ."
sen . barack obama wednesday challenged sen . hillary clinton s claim that she was the best candidate to take on sen . john mccain in the fall .
"if the suggestion is somehow that . . . she s going to have a better record than i have and will be better able to withstand republican attacks , i think that s an issue that should be tested , the illinois democrat told reporters wednesday ."
"i think that i am in a much stronger position to run against the republicans than she is , otherwise i wouldn t be running for president , obama said ."
the argument over who would be the best candidate to take on mccain will likely dominate the democratic race over the next seven weeks as the campaigns turn their attention to the pennsylvania primary on april .
the battle between clinton and obama took on new life after clinton broke obama s contest winning streak tuesday night .
"clinton won in texas , ohio , and rhode island , while obama won vermont ."
many of her supporters had said she had to win both texas and ohio to continue to challenge obama for her party s nomination .
the next two democratic contests are the wyoming caucuses on saturday and the mississippi primary on march .
"fresh from her dramatic wins in texas and ohio , clinton claimed she could go toe to toe on national security issues with mccain ."
"mccain locked up the republican presidential nomination tuesday night by winning texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island ."
"people who voted a month ago didn t know who the republican nominee was going to be . they didn t perhaps factor in that it will be about national security because , indeed , with senator mccain , that s what it will be about , clinton told cnn wednesday ."
i have a lifetime of experience . senator mccain has a lifetime of experience .
"senator obama s campaign is about one speech he made in , she said , referring to the illinois democrat s speech in which he announced his opposition to the then pending invasion of iraq ."
but obama said the voters had rejected clinton s argument that she was more experienced candidate .
i have not seen any evidence that she is better equipped to handle a crisis .
"if the only criteria is longevity in washington , then she s certainly not going to beat john mccain on that , he said ."
washington cnn an attack into ecuadoran territory by colombia was criticized wednesday by south american states trying to defuse tensions between the two nations .
"the organization of american states passed by voice vote its planned solution to ending the crisis that arose saturday , when colombia s military attacked a rebel camp in neighboring ecuador ."
"since then , ecudaor has broken off relations with colombia , and venezuela says it has moved troops to its border with colombia ."
"in the resolution passed wednesday , the oas called the attack a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ecuador and of principles of international law and noted that it led ecuador to break relations with colombia ."
"insulza and composed of four ambassadors designated by him , to visit both countries to investigate the matter , and to propose formulas for bringing the two nations closer together ."
"oas foreign ministers are to meet march in washington to examine the facts and make the pertinent recommendations , the resolution concluded ."
"u . s . defense secretary robert gates said wednesday that he saw little chance of war erupting among colombia , ecuador and venezuela ."
gates added that the united states would not need to assist its colombian allies should armed conflict break out .
but the organization s resolution did not mollify everyone .
the texas caucuses which offer up about a third of the state s delegates are still too close to call .
"cnn s latest delegate count has obama with , delegates to clinton s , . to clinch the democratic nomination , a candidate must get , delegates ."
"but because the democratic delegates are allocated proportionally , the race appears to be headed to the party s convention in august ."
it s a lot like ohio demographically .
"like in ohio , she has the support of the very politically active governor , ed rendell ."
the nearly superdelegates various party leaders and officials who cast their vote at the convention are free to vote for the candidate of their choice .
house speaker nancy pelosi said wednesday now is not the time for superdelegates to wade into the fight .
"there are still many voters unheard from yet , and i think that our candidates both have the capacity to inspire , to bring out a big vote that will hold us in good stead in november , and i think that now is not the time for anybody to weigh in ."
"pelosi said she was confident the nominee would be decided before the democratic convention in august , and that she was never among those who believed this would be resolved by now ."
"she argued that the prolonged campaign is good for the party , and offers democrats a chance to make a clear distinction about their differences with republicans on a range of issues ."
"while democratic contenders fight for their party s bid , mccain can turn his attention to the general election ."
"meanwhile , another big question looms over the election what do the democrats do with michigan and florida ?"
"the democratic candidates had agreed not to campaign in either state , and clinton was the only major candidate on michigan s ballot ."
"if the democratic national committee wants to talk about another florida presidential primary , but not paid for by the taxpayers of florida they have already paid million for the presidential primary that was held . if the dnc were to pay for another election , then that might be considered , said florida sen . bill nelson , a democrat ."
scores of flights were canceled wednesday after thousands of airport workers walked off their jobs at several german airports .
"either the public employers make an offer with clear salary increases and without increased work hours , or we will show them our strength , bsirske said at a rally at the airport ."
"ver . di has called for an percent raise for germany s . million public service workers , backdated to january ."
"in berlin where subway , tram and bus workers launched a day strike wednesday ver . di wants pay increases of up to percent ."
"at germany s second biggest airport , in munich , of planned flights for wednesday morning were canceled , spokesman peter pruemm said . another flights were canceled in hamburg ."
cristiano ronaldo fired manchester united into the champions league quarterfinals on tuesday when his second leg goal at old trafford clinched a aggregate triumph over lyon .
"that put him within two of matching george best s club record from , when united went on to win their first european cup ."
"wes brown crossed the ball to anderson , whose shot from the edge of the area was blocked by a combination of lyon right back francois clerc and ronaldo . clerc stumbled and went to ground , while ronaldo regained possession and shot past gregory coupet ."
"karim benzema , who has been upset at playing on the left , was restored to lead the front line from the center at old trafford ."
"while goalkeeper edwin van der sar knocked away kim kallstrom s fierce shot in the th , united stamped their authority on the first half ."
"orlando , florida cnn the creator of the backstreet boys and n sync has agreed to plead guilty to charges he laundered money and made false statements during a bankruptcy proceeding ."
"lou pearlman will appear in court thursday , according to a page plea agreement released tuesday ."
federal prosecutors accuse pearlman of lying to investors to raise millions of dollars for fake companies .
they say the total loss to investors is estimated at more than million .
cnn sexually unfulfilling marriages aren t limited to new parents or aging baby boomers with hormone imbalances .
they can ensnare even the relatively young and the recently married .
"when they are unable to blame kids , stress or physical issues , many couples struggle unhappily to identify and resolve the problems behind their lackluster sex life ."
"couples end up in sexually unfulfilling marriages for a variety of reasons , says marty klein , a licensed marriage counselor and certified sex therapist in palo alto , california ."
"laura berman , a chicago sex therapist and relationship expert , agrees ."
"those who believe passion inevitably fades may downplay the sex factor , picking someone they think would be a good father or a good wife even if they re not an ideal lover , berman adds ."
"other couples enter into relationships with so so chemistry because they think they re in love and overlook key differences , says klein ."
"therapists generally define sexless marriage as having sex less than about times a year , and they estimate in couples are in such a relationship ."
"a dry spell is only a problem if the couple thinks it is , he says ."
there are plenty of couples who don t have sex and don t think there s anything wrong with it . and there s others that are in a lot of pain about it .
klein notes that the expectation of eternally passionate sex may be setting people up to fail .
try traditional gender roles
"men may become more sexually assertive if they feel more in control , and women may feel more desire for a mate with newfound machismo ."
engage in exciting activities
"whether it s trying an extreme sport like skydiving or snowboarding , or exploring new options in the bedroom , activities that get the pulse racing can open the brain s dopamine centers and increases desire ."
talk about it
couples also would benefit from simply communicating with their partners about what they want in bed .
"there is no secret to hot sex , says klein . sexy lingerie and dinners out are no substitute for an honest conversation about sex ."
"sen . hillary clinton got her campaign back on track with projected wins in the texas , ohio and rhode island primaries ."
"obama , who claimed victory in vermont , had won straight contests since super tuesday on february ."
"texas also held democratic caucuses tuesday , but it was too close to declare a winner ."
obama congratulated clinton on her victories but downplayed his losses .
"no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , obama told supporters in texas ."
"read about mccain s victory mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination ."
"i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , mccain told supporters tuesday night ."
mike huckabee dropped out of the republican race after the results came in .
"it s now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be and that is a united party , huckabee told a crowd in dallas ."
a six limbed creature that they have dubbed hexapus .
which is what makes henry as staffers at blackpool sea life centre in northwest england have dubbed their find so unique .
"if you look closer between the legs , there s webbing that attaches each of the arms together , john filmer of the sea life centre told cnn tuesday . you d assume if he d lost one of his legs in an accident , there would be space for an arm to grow back ."
but there s no space for two extra legs to grow back . that s just how he is .
staffers called others zoos and aquariums and scoured the internet to see if there were records of similar creatures .
"no one has ever heard of another case of a six legged octopus , said display superviser carey duckhouse ."
henry was picked up from a local zoo along with seven other octopodes for a new exhibit at the center .
no one noticed his missing legs until he attached himself to the inside of his glass tank .
cnn the military is investigating a shocking and deplorable youtube video that seems to show a marine throwing a puppy off a rocky cliff .
the black and white puppy makes a yelping sound as it flies through the air .
"that s mean , that was mean , one companion says off camera , addressing the alleged puppy thrower by his last name ."
the fate of the animal is not known .
the marine is identified on the video and in other internet postings as a lance corporal stationed at marine corps base hawaii in kaneohe .
"it s not clear where the video was shot , although the man who appears to throw the puppy and another marine are in full combat gear with helmets ."
"youtube . com had taken down the video by p . m . et tuesday due to terms of use violation , according to a banner on the web site ."
"this is a shocking and deplorable video that is contrary to the high standards that we set for every marine , marine corps spokesman maj . chris perrine said at a news conference monday night ."
"we will investigate this and take appropriate actions , perrine said ."
perrine added that the majority of marines conduct themselves honorably .
"there are many examples of marines who adopt pets and bring them back from iraq and demonstrate their compassion on a daily basis , he said ."
"if the video is deemed legitimate , the lance corporal could face a charge of conduct unbecoming a marine , perrine said ."
"i think every marine is upset about this video , he said ."
"security officers prevented the two bombers from entering the pakistan navy war college in the eastern city of lahore , according to a statement issued by the pakistani military s inter services public relations agency ."
"one of the explosions set off a chain reaction in a campus parking lot , with gas cylinders in nearby storage sheds exploding and cars powered by compressed natural gas catching fire , the ispr said ."
local reports said were injured .
authorities immediately closed off access to the college and put the city on high alert .
"the college , located in the busy center of pakistan s second largest city , trains senior naval officials from pakistan and other countries ."
"michael mullen , met with pakistani president pervez musharraf in rawalpindi to discuss the security situation in the country ."
"pakistan has experienced a wave of deadly attacks , most of them suicide bombings , that it blames on islamic militants ."
four army personnel were killed in the bombing of a bus in rawalpindi on monday .
"sen . hillary clinton claimed victory in ohio , a state considered a must win for her campaign ."
clinton earlier broke barack obama s contest winning streak with her victory in rhode island .
"for everyone here in ohio and across america who s been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up this one is for you , clinton said before supporters in columbus . you know what they say , she said ."
"obama was projected to take vermont , but the contest in texas was too close to call ."
sen . john mccain swept all four republican contests on tuesday to become his party s presumptive nominee .
"mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination ."
"i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , mccain told supporters tuesday night ."
mike huckabee dropped out of the republican race after the results came in .
"it s now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be and that is a united party , huckabee told a crowd in dallas ."
"mccain is slated to go to the white house on wednesday to receive the endorsement of president bush , according to two republican sources ."
president bush will officially endorse john mccain s presidential run wednesday at the white house . the two men will have a private lunch followed by a joint public statement .
"the move by the president , who remained neutral throughout the republican primary process , comes after a victory in texas that gave mccain more than the , delegates required to claim the gop nomination ."
"the arizona senator s remaining primary season rival , mike huckabee , withdrew from the presidential race tuesday night ."
sen . john mccain swept all four nominating contests on tuesday to become the republican presidential nominee .
"mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination ."
"on the democratic side , sen . hillary clinton was projected to break barack obama s contest winning streak with a victory in rhode island ."
"obama was projected to take vermont , but the contests in ohio and texas were too close to call ."
"mccain is slated to go to the white house on wednesday to receive the endorsement of president bush , according to two republican sources ."
"the arizona senator s campaign his second run for the white house was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party s conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising ."
but mccain said earlier tuesday that he was confident he would emerge as the presumptive nominee by the end of the night .
"mccain overwhelmingly won moderates and conservatives in ohio , but he lost the evangelical vote to mike huckabee , according to exit polls ."
obama s campaign pressed to extend voting by one hour in two ohio counties .
"due to reports of ballot shortages in cuyahoga and franklin counties , we requested a voting extension in those counties , said obama spokesman bill burton ."
"republican presidential front runner john mccain took a large step toward clinching his party s presidential nomination with wins in tuesday night s gop primaries in ohio and vermont , according to cnn projections . cnn projected mccain the winner in those states shortly after polls closed , based on exit polling ."
"wins in texas and ohio alone would give him more than the , delegates needed to claim the gop nomination , and workers at mccain s texas headquarters had a sign with the magic number ready to be unveiled after the last polls close at p . m . et ."
but mccain said he was confident he would emerge tuesday night as the presumptive nominee .
"there were times , obviously , when my political campaign was not viewed as the most viable in america , as you probably know , he told reporters in san antonio , texas . in fact , i was reminded of the words of chairman mao , who said it s always darkest before it s totally black ."
"mccain already has been turning his fire on the democrats , new york sen . hillary clinton and illinois sen . barack obama , for whom tuesday s races in ohio and texas are seen as pivotal ."
"but huckabee , who won the iowa caucuses and most of the gop primaries in the deep south , said tuesday that he was still hoping for a win in texas ."
"mccain had amassed , delegates before tuesday , according to cnn estimates just shy of the gop s magic number ."
"moscow , russia cnn ukraine s natural gas company on tuesday threatened to begin diverting gas supplies headed for western europe , after moscow warned it would halve gas deliveries to ukraine in a long running debt dispute ."
"russia s state controlled gas monopoly , oao gazprom , on monday reduced shipments to ukraine by about a third and on tuesday threatened a further percent cut if ukraine did not resolve a dispute over debts and contracts by the evening ."
much of the gas that western europe buys from russia comes in pipelines that cross ukraine .
gazprom has promised that gas destined for europe would not be affected by the dispute .
"but ukraine s natural gas company , naftogaz , said in a statement it reserves the right to resort to adequate and asymmetrical measures to defend the interests of ukrainian consumers ."
"company spokesman valentyn zemlyansky said it could divert supplies bound for western europe . we don t rule that out europe must also understand to what extent ukraine can be bent , zemlyansky told the associated press ."
"gazprom last month threatened to cut supplies to ukraine over a us . billion euro million debt dispute , timed to coincide with yushchenko s visit to moscow ."
that cutoff was avoided by a last minute agreement between yushchenko and president vladimir putin .
but documents formalizing that agreement have not been signed by ukraine s natural gas company .
"beijing , china cnn china s legislature , the national people s congress , kicks off its annual two week session wednesday ."
"aside from rubber stamping the communist party leadership s policies , the gathering is expected to discuss the beijing olympics , increased defense spending , taiwan s referendum on independence , and the environment ."
"china s official news agency xinhua boasts that the , delegates to congress come from many walks of life throughout the country and that this year s session will be more open than ever before ."
"china s top leaders are officially chosen by and answer to the national people s congress , but they ve always mirrored the choices of the communist party congress , which met last year ."
the stage was also set for parliament by monday s convening of the chinese people s political consultative conference cppcc which xinhua describes as china s top political advisory body .
"this orchestration of china s government runs in five year cycles , starting with the first congress in ."
this year marks the first annual session of the th congress .
"the communist party s second ranking official , wu bangguo , will preside over the parliament s televised opening wednesday in beijing s great hall of the people ."
premier wen jiabao will then deliver the government work report the equivalent of a state of the nation address looking back at the past year and outlining plans for the next year and beyond .
laws and government policies always pass with overwhelming majorities .
while secret balloting is used to elect top officials from state president to the ministers and top judges only one nominee runs for each post .
"still , dissenting voices have been increasingly heard in and outside the session halls and through the media in recent years ."
"during the two week session , delegates will consider the national economic and social development plan for and this year s national budget ."
"they are also expected to discuss a blueprint to revamp the government bureaucracy , which will involve merging overlapping ministries and possibly reducing the number of cabinet level agencies from to about ."
"the avowed aim is to boost government efficiency , cut cost and turn the bureaucracy into a service oriented government ."
"the state environmental protection agency is expected to be elevated into a full fledged ministry to give it more teeth , personnel and a bigger budget ,"
"president hu jintao , national people s congress chief wu bangguo and premier wen jiabao are each expected to be re elected to five year terms ."
sources said xi jinping is expected to be elected as state vice president and li keqiang as executive or number two vice premier in charge of macro economic affairs .
"if so , this would jibe with the communist party congress decision last year to line up xi and li as presumptive successors to top party and government posts ."
"washington cnn fourteen americans are in custody as part of a global crackdown on a well organized child porn ring that used sophisticated encryption technology , the fbi and justice department announced tuesday ."
"justice department officials described it as a vast child exploitation enterprise that included graphic images , such as ones showing toddlers engaged in various sexual and sadistic acts ."
the suspects allegedly used internet newsgroups and large file sharing networks to trade and share images and videos .
"they also distributed more than , lewd pictures and movies , the justice department said ."
authorities said the advanced technology the suspects allegedly used to both share the images among themselves and sell the material to others made them especially hard to track down .
"it may take years for authorities to find the victims , tidwell told the ap , adding that of the children seen in the images have been identified and rescued so far ."
"if found guilty , the suspects could face a sentence ranging from years to life in prison ."
"the fbi said people were taken into custody overall , including people in australia , canada , germany and england ."
"three polling stations in jefferson county in eastern ohio were relocated tuesday because of flooding that could have prevented people from voting , election officials said ."
"county residents unable to get to their designated polling places because of bad weather were given the option of casting provisional ballots tuesday in steubenville , the county seat , at the offices of the board of elections , officials said ."
"freezing rain glazed roads in northern ohio throughout much of the day , including the cities of cleveland and dayton , weather forecasters said ."
"clear weather was expected in most of texas , although there was a possibility of icy roads tuesday morning in the extreme northeast corner of the state , according to the national weather service ."
"northern vermont was under a winter storm warning , with a wintry mix of snow , sleet and freezing rain expected from late tuesday afternoon into wednesday , the weather service said ."
"heavy rain was in the forecast for rhode island , but it wasn t expected to start until late tuesday after the polls have closed ."
"elsewhere , stormy weather moved through the south monday night and"
"a possible tornado touched down late monday in southern mississippi , slashing through a national guard barracks and injuring guardsmen , according to a sheriff and a military spokesman ."
"the national weather service received two reports of tornadoes monday in mississippi , and numerous reports of hail and damage from high winds in a swath from eastern texas to alabama , according to the weather service s web site ."
"the weather service predicted severe thunderstorms in parts of the southeast tuesday night , with possible tornadoes and damaging winds in the carolinas ."
"sens . barack obama and john mccain will win the vermont primaries , cnn projects ."
vermont gives obama his th consecutive win and puts mccain delegates closer to clinching the republican nomination .
"in addition to vermont , ohio , texas and rhode island are also holding contests tuesday ."
"in texas , sen . hillary clinton holds a two to one advantage over obama with hispanic voters , while obama has the overwhelming advantage with black voters in the state s democratic primary , according to cnn s exit poll ."
"these early surveys provide a snapshot of the race , but are not conclusive on who will win the critical contest ."
"eighty three percent of blacks voted for obama , while percent supported clinton , according to the exit poll ."
"some say clinton must win the democratic contests in texas and ohio if she is to continue to compete with obama , who has won contests in a row going back nearly a month ."
"if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
obama appeals most strongly to younger voters while older voters favor clinton .
"among those age and older , clinton leads obama percent ."
the same pattern holds true in early exit polling from the texas democratic primary .
"among voters aged to , obama leads clinton percent , and among voters and older , clinton leads obama percent ."
"while tuesday is an important primary day for democrats , it could also be a turning point for republicans ."
"mccain could win enough delegates to mathematically secure his party s nomination tuesday , though he has been the presumed gop nominee for weeks ."
"providence , rhode island cnn voters in four states will go to the polls tuesday with a good chance at making the difference in deciding the democratic and republican presidential nominees ."
it could be the most consequential day so far in the race to the white house .
"the results in texas , ohio , rhode island and vermont could mathematically put sen . john mccain of arizona over the top when it comes to winning enough delegates to secure the gop nomination ."
they also could determine whether the fight between sens .
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois for the democratic nomination ends this week or continues into the spring .
"obama comes into the march primaries with momentum on his side , thanks to his straight victories in contests dating back nearly a month ."
"he has , pledged delegates and superdelegates to clinton s , ."
"neither candidate is close to the , needed to win the democratic nomination ."
"if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
"if clinton wins texas and ohio , it s game on until someone can figure out how to reach a majority of delegates . that may not happen until the democratic national convention in late summer ."
"if clinton and obama split texas and ohio , it s a new game ."
texas and ohio are the biggest prizes tuesday democratic delegates are at stake in texas and in ohio .
"but texas also has a strong african american population , and obama has dominated the black vote so far this year ."
"in ohio , clinton has a slight lead , because of the large number of union and blue collar workers and catholic voters , groups that , along with women and senior citizens , are considered her base ."
"for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when ."
"sen . john mccain of arizona has , delegates , shy of the , he needs to lock in the republican nomination ."
bert van marwijk will succeed marco van basten as coach of the netherlands on a two year contract after the european championship finals in austria and switzerland in june .
"van marwijk , who now coaches dutch club feyenoord , will begin his new job in july and has signed through the world cup in south africa , the dutch soccer federation said monday ."
"van basten , a former dutch star striker , previously announced he would be leaving ."
he will become coach of the dutch team ajax coach next season .
"the year old van marwijk previously coached at borussia dortmund in germany and before that at feyenoord , leading the team to the uefa cup title ."
his stint made him the longest serving coach in feyenoord s history .
"a robotic spacecraft circling mars has snapped the first image of a series of active avalanches near the planet s north pole , scientists said monday ."
"the image , taken last month , reveals at least four avalanches of fine ice and dust breaking off from a steep cliff and settling on the slope below ."
the landslides were spied by the mars reconnaissance orbiter during a routine tracking of seasonal changes .
it is rare for scientists to catch a natural event in action on the surface of mars .
most of the landscape that has been recorded so far has not changed much in millions of years .
scientists were unsure what set off the avalanches and whether they occur frequently or only during the spring .
"cnn battling blustery weather , a lufthansa airlines flight scraped its wing on the ground during a landing attempt in hamburg , germany , over the weekend ."
"the plane recovered and landed safely the second time around , the spokesman said ."
dramatic amateur video of the incident that appeared on the internet showed the airbus a teetering as it tried to land during the brutal winter storm on saturday .
"as it nears the tarmac , one wing visible scrapes the ground ."
"as we were about to touch down , a gust of wind pressed the left wing towards the ground , a lufthansa pilot identified only as oliver a . said in a statement ."
"airline spokesman wolfgang weber said the left winglet , a fin at the end of the wing scraped the ground after a gust of wind tipped the plane ."
"cnn from butterflies to grizzly bears , we know where the wild things are ."
"stingray city , grand cayman"
"the clear , shallow water of grand cayman s north sound teems with southern stingrays ."
they began to congregate here because it s where fishermen cleaned their catch .
"now , they come for handouts from tourists ."
"depoe bay , oregon"
"from now until june , oregon s whale watching capital welcomes roughly , gray whales en route to alaska ."
visit the whale watching center in depoe bay to learn the best spots to view the grays .
"insider s tip northbound whales , which migrate now , swim closer to shore than southbound winter travelers ."
"spring whale watch week , when center volunteers will be stationed along the coast to provide viewing tips and facts , starts march ."
"assateague island national seashore , virginia and maryland"
"during spring and fall , this area s famed wild horses spend much of their time grazing the virginia and maryland coastlines ."
the best way to see the privately owned virginia herd is aboard the pony express nature tour cruise .
captain mark coulbourne knows where the horses hang out tours run may through october .
"on land , hike or bike the chincoteague national wildlife refuge s mile woodland trail to an observation platform overlooking the ponies habitat ."
"big pine key , florida"
this is the only place in the world to see the pint size key deer .
"a subspecies of virginia white tailed deer , they stand just inches tall at the shoulder ."
go to the national key deer refuge in the early morning or at dusk for the best viewing you may spot a newborn during the april to may fawning season .
"stop at the visitor center before heading to an observation platform , or hike trails to see the deer ."
"maui , hawaii"
"many green sea turtles or honu that gather off maui s shores eventually make their way to maluaka beach , also known as turtle town ."
"to view the sea turtles in their natural habitat , grab your snorkel or scuba gear ."
"stonington peninsula , michigan"
"you re likely to find many at peninsula point , a resting spot on the upper peninsula ."
"visitors can climb the foot lighthouse for a bird s eye view of the butterflies journey across lake michigan , or observe them resting in the surrounding cedar trees ."
"pack a picnic , and don t forget a camera ."
"delaware bay , delaware"
head here to visit one of the world s largest spawning grounds for horseshoe crabs .
"these crustaceans are protected at five community based sanctuaries broadkill beach , slaughter beach , fowler beach , pickering beach and kitts hummock , all accessible to the public ."
there are also plans for a horseshoe crab museum and research center in milton the only other museum of this kind is in japan .
"mosquito bay , puerto rico"
"often called bio bay , this is one of the best places in the world to experience bioluminescence , a natural glow produced by living organisms ."
"you can observe the glowing dinoflagellates a type of microscopic algae throughout the year , but the best time to visit is during a new moon when the night sky is darkest ."
"san simeon , california"
winter is a great time to observe one of california s largest resident populations of elephant seals .
visit friends of the elephant seal s web site to learn about these funny looking marine mammals and to get recommendations for the best places to find them .
"knight inlet , british columbia"
"to see black bears and grizzlies , head to knight inlet , northwest of vancouver ."
"the knight inlet lodge , open june through mid october , offers three , four and five day packages ."
a boat takes guests to a channel brimming with salmon and to other areas the bears frequent .
"the old north church , a beacon for paul revere s famous warning of the movement of british forces , and a symbol of the american revolution , has gone high tech with the installation of light emitting diodes , or leds ."
"the energy efficient lights illuminate ceiling vaults inside the church , whose steeple was used to display two lanterns as a signal about british troop movements on april , the night described in henry wadsworth longfellow s famous poem , which included the line"
the strips of leds inside church s sanctuary replacements for old fashioned incandescents may seem an anachronism at the most visited historic site in a city with a rich revolutionary war legacy .
"but the lights are tucked into crown molding , illuminating the graceful white ceiling arches while the lights themselves are hidden from direct view by tourists and worshippers below ."
"what we ve added is light , and beauty , said ed pignone , executive director of the old north foundation of boston , which oversees the year old church ."
one of the church s annual half million visitors agreed the installation was done with historic sensibility .
"it s completely transparent and invisible , said jim peluso of richmond , virginia , one of a handful of old north visitors on a chilly winter friday ."
"i guess it s no different than adding running water , or an hvac system in the church , right ?"
"the leds were donated by philips solid state lighting solutions , which planned to announce the old north installation monday ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , heading home after a two day visit to iraq , again touted his country s closer relations with iraq and reiterated his criticism of the united states ."
"no one likes them , ahmadinejad told reporters prior to returning to iran , referring to the predominantly u . s . makeup of coalition forces in iraq ."
"we believe that the forces which crossed oceans and thousands of kilometers to come to this region should leave this region and hand over the affairs to the peoples and government of this region , ahmadinejad said ."
"in a news briefing on monday , ahmadinejad said the two countries , which fought an eight year war in the s , had signed memorandums of understanding , such as economic and border agreements , and would sign many more ."
"he contrasted his trip , which was advertised in advance , with the stealth visits of others , a reference to visits by u . s . officials who sometimes do not broadcast their visits to iraq for security reasons ."
the united states has accused iran of supporting insurgent groups in iraq .
he said coalition forces shouldn t interfere in the affairs of regional countries and should allow the region s countries to run their own affairs .
"in washington , u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states supported iraq s efforts to conduct its diplomatic relations the way it sees fit ."
"asian business schools are getting better than ever that s the message from the latest financial times ranking of global mbas , which lists three asia based programs in the top ."
"the annual league table by the london based business newspaper , now in its th year , is traditionally seen as perhaps the most authoritative global ranking , assessing worldwide mbas on a series of criteria ranging from alumni salaries and experiences to course diversity and academic research ."
"this year s top remains , as ever , dominated by u . s . and european schools ."
"of the are based in the u . s . or canada , while are european ."
"the top five schools are the same as last year , although not all in the same order , with the university of pennsylvania s wharton school leading the rankings again ."
"while china s ceibs school , based in shanghai , remains at , it is now joined by two other asian mbas , both new not only to the top but to the entire top ranking ."
"united nations cnn the u . n . security council approved a third round of sanctions against iran on monday , sending a strong signal to tehran that its refusal to suspend uranium enrichment is unacceptable and becoming increasingly costly ."
"for the first time , the resolution bans trade with iran in goods which have both civilian and military uses and authorizes inspections of shipments to and from iran by sea and air that are suspected of carrying banned items ."
the vote was with one abstention from indonesia .
iran s u . n . ambassador mohammad khazee told the council just before the vote that the government would not comply with the unlawful action against its peaceful nuclear program .
"iran cannot and will not accept a requirement which is legally defective and politically coercive , he said . history tells us that no amount of pressure , intimidation and threat will be able to coerce our nation to give up its basic and legal rights ."
"iran insists its enrichment activities are intended only for peaceful civilian purposes , but the u . s . , the european union and others suspect its real aim is to make atomic weapons . enriched uranium can be used as fuel for nuclear energy or nuclear weapons ."
"the resolution introduces financial monitoring on two banks with suspected links to proliferation activities , bank melli and bank saderat ."
it calls on all countries to exercise vigilance in entering into new trade commitments with iran .
the resolution also orders countries to freeze the assets of additional companies and individuals with links to iran s nuclear or ballistic missile programs and require countries to report the travels of those iranians .
tuesday could be the most consequential day to date in the race to the white house .
"there s a good chance voters in texas , ohio , rhode island and vermont will make the difference in deciding the democratic and republican presidential nominees ."
the results of those four states could mathematically put sen . john mccain of arizona over the top when it comes to winning enough delegates to secure the gop nomination .
"for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when . sen . john mccain of arizona has , delegates , shy of the , he needs to lock in the republican nomination ."
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois for the democratic nomination ends this week or continues into the spring .
"he has , pledged delegates and superdelegates to clinton s , ."
"neither candidate is close to the , needed to win the democratic nomination ."
the big question surrounding clinton is how many states she needs to win tuesday to keep going .
"former president bill clinton said in february if his wife wins ohio and texas , she ll go on to win the nomination ."
"the flip side , of course , is that if she doesn t win those two big states , will she give up her quest for the white house ?"
"if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
texas and ohio are the biggest prizes tuesday democratic delegates are at stake in texas and in ohio .
"cnn s poll of polls , an averaging of the most recent surveys in each state , suggests the race is extremely tight , with obama ahead by points in texas and clinton ahead by in ohio ."
but the polls also indicate there are still many undecided voters in both states .
"kathmandu , nepal cnn a united nations helicopter caught fire and crashed monday in a mountainous region in eastern nepal , killing at least of the people on board , according to nepal s home ministry ."
the status of the remaining two passengers is not clear local citizens aiding in the rescue effort believe no one survived the crash .
ministry spokesman mod raj dotel said five of the on board were nepal citizens .
"he said the helicopter crashed near bhawasa , about kilometers miles east of kathmandu ."
the u . n . mission in nepal said it lost contact with the helicopter about p . m . gmt .
"in a written statement , unmin confirmed there were fatalities , and said it would have more details once its team arrived at the crash site ."
"unmin spokesman kieran dwyer said the helicopter was carrying u . n . staff from several countries , and their identities will be released tuesday after their families have been contacted ."
"the helicopter was flying to kathmandu from the a maoist cantonment in sindhuli , about km east of the capital , dwyer said ."
"it is one of seven cantonments across nepal where unmin is monitoring the arms and armies of the former maoist rebels , who signed a peace deal with the government more than a year ago ."
former newspaper baron conrad black is in federal prison .
"federal bureau of prisons spokesman mike truman says black reported monday to a low security prison near coleman , florida ."
black and his co defendants were convicted of fraud last july for allegedly siphoning money out of the company .
the biographer and member of the british house of lords also has been ordered to pay . million in restitution .
"black had sought to stay free on bond on grounds there was a strong possibility his conviction would be reversed , but a chicago federal appeals court denied his request last week ."
"we will explore necessary countermeasures , including further strengthening all deterrents , the north s foreign ministry said in a statement ."
"the north , which successfully tested a nuclear bomb in , commonly uses the word deterrent to refer to its nuclear weapons program ."
"while the north s military had previously condemned the war games , which began sunday and involve tens of thousands of south korean and american troops , the foreign ministry comment represents the highest form of official communication from pyongyang s reclusive government ."
"in the statement , carried by the state run korean central news agency , the ministry said the military maneuvers demonstrate that washington is seeking a hostile policy to stifle our republic by force ."
"the north claims the u . s . wants to invade the communist country , an accusation washington has repeatedly denied ."
"but the u . s . has cautioned against overestimating the impact of the performance , saying warmer ties will depend on whether the north keeps its commitments under a nuclear disarmament deal struck last year ."
washington has accused pyongyang of not fully disclosing its nuclear programs under the agreement reached with the u . s . and other regional partners .
"the u . s . south korean military exercises , scheduled to run through friday , involve computer simulated war games and field drills ."
"about , american troops , the uss nimitz aircraft carrier and an undisclosed number of south korean soldiers were taking part , according to the u . s . and south korean militaries ."
"evidence found in computers seized in a raid over the weekend suggests that venezuelan president hugo chavez recently gave the leftist revolutionary armed forces of colombia million , colombia s national police chief said monday ."
"speaking at a news conference , gen . oscar naranjo also said evidence in the computers suggests farc had given chavez million pesos when he was a jailed rebel leader ."
farc has fought to overthrow the colombian government for years .
chavez had no immediate response to the allegations involving him .
naranjo said other evidence in the computers suggests farc purchased kilograms of uranium this month .
"meanwhile , colombia said monday it won t send troops to its southwest and northeast borders , where venezuelan and ecuadoran military forces were to be separately deployed after a colombian raid into ecuador ."
"the saturday raid , which ecuador s president rafael correa said violated his nation s airspace , left two colombian rebels dead ."
"defense minister juan manuel santos denied colombia had violated ecuadoran airspace , but correa and chavez assailed the raid as an infringement of ecuador s sovereignty ."
chavez ordered battalions of troops to the colombian border sunday and closed venezuela s embassy in bogota .
he said venezuela would have declared war on colombia if its troops had attacked targets in venezuela .
"chavez called the attack a cowardly murder and blamed the united states , a close ally of colombia ."
"he further called uribe a criminal , liar and gangster ."
correa and chavez are two of several leftist presidents who have been elected in latin america in recent years . uribe is a rightist with close ties to the united states .
"dili , east timor cnn the man who allegedly shot and critically wounded east timor s president last month was in custody sunday after surrendering to police , military officials said ."
"amaro da costa turned himself in without a fight late saturday , handing over two automatic weapons and some ammunition , lt . col . filomeno paixao told reporters in the capital , dili ."
"da costa , an ex policeman , allegedly shot president jose ramos horta outside his home on february , two military sources told the associated press , citing several witness accounts ."
"ramos horta is recovering from multiple rounds of surgery in an australian hospital , while prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unharmed from an ambush on his motorcade the same day ."
"berlin , germany cnn a storm dubbed emma slammed into europe saturday with high winds and heavy rain , killing at least two people , authorities said ."
"a man died near the western german town of wissen early saturday when a tree toppled by the storm fell on the car he was riding in , wissen police told cnn ."
the man was in a group of four people driving home from work when they encountered a tree in the road .
"as they were turning around , the other tree fell on the car ."
"in oberpfaffenhofen , in bavaria , germany , a car struck and killed a year old man who was riding a motorbike , after a gust of wind blew the man into the wrong side of the road , police spokesman wolgang goergmaier said ."
"in a separate incident in bavaria , a wind gust pushed a tour bus off the road , sending the vehicle into a ditch . it rolled over , injuring five people , one of whom was hospitalized , goergmaier said ."
"also in germany , a train conductor was injured when a high speed train , the inter city express , struck a toppled tree , according to martin walden , spokesman for deutsche bahn rail service ."
"toppled trees on train tracks were triggering massive delays in railway service all across germany , with rail lines closed in many locations , walden said ."
"several airports across europe were posting delays as of saturday night berlin , frankfurt , munich and amsterdam , among others , said cnn forecaster kevin corriveau ."
"europe began feeling the effects of emma late friday night , according to deutchscher wetter dienst dwd , germany s national weather service ."
"german authorities were urging residents to stay indoors until the worst of the storm had passed , especially in the northwest part of the country and the southern alps ."
new york cnn jennifer lopez and marc anthony have reportedly named their newborn twins max and emme .
"lopez s manager , simon fields , confirmed the babies names to people magazine on friday ."
"the twins were born at a long island hospital on february , with pound , ounce emme arriving about minutes before her pound brother ."
the hospital s name was not disclosed .
"fields said then that lopez , a first time mother at , was thrilled at the babies arrival ."
the year old anthony has three other children .
the babies arrived a day after both their parents were named as winners of latin music s premio lo nuestro awards .
"lopez won this year s award for best solo pop singer , while anthony was named salsa artist of the year ."
cnn armenian opposition leader levon ter petrosian appealed to his followers to go home sunday to avoid the kind of violent clashes between police and protesters that left nine people dead over the weekend .
ter petrosian vowed he would continue to protest the election results peacefully through legal means .
"aides drove through the capital city of yerevan playing the appeal over loudspeakers and by sunday , few demonstrators remained on the streets ."
"chaos in the former soviet republic could affect the stability of the region , which plays an important role in producing and supplying oil and gas to the west ."
"armenia , population million , lies a east of turkey , south of georgia and north of iran ."
"we will avoid any public meeting and marches , and we will concentrate on the constitutional court where we are expecting the case to be heard and discussed tuesday , opposition spokesman arman musinyan told cnn sunday ."
"the clashes saturday over alleged election fraud killed at least nine people and injured police officers , a government official told cnn sunday ."
armenian president robert kocharian declared a state of emergency saturday night that he hoped would bring order to yerevan .
"the state of emergency could last until march , officials said ."
"the protests began soon after the feb . presidential election , when ter petrosian lost to prime minister serzh sarkisian , the handpicked successor of the outgoing president ."
the opposition party immediately accused the government of vote fraud and demanded that the results be voided .
"the organization for security and co operation in europe osce monitored the election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report ."
"four crew members on board a japanese whaling ship in antarctic waters were injured monday when an anti whaling group threw butyric acid on board , a top japanese official said ."
japanese vice foreign minister itsunori onodera announced the incident at an international seminar for african and asian delegates to the international whaling commission .
"onodera said someone on the activist boat , the steve irwin , threw bags of butyric acid aboard the japanese vessel the nisshin maru ."
"onodera did not elaborate on the extent of the injuries , simply telling the audience that the crew complained of injuries after the bags of acid hit the ship ."
"the crew deployed over two dozen bottles of rotten butter , sending a stench throughout the whale killing ship that will remain for days , a statement from the group said ."
the acid is known for its foul odor it s what you smell when butter turns rancid .
a third minute goal from uruguayan international marcelo zalayeta gave napoli the three points and it could have been worse for the leaders had zalayeta converted a penalty minutes from time .
napoli made a flying start against the champions and a blunder by inter keeper julio cesar saw the ball come to zalayeta who scored with a clever chip .
"with ac milan held to a draw by lazio last night , the viola s victory moved them four points clear of the rossoneri in the race to finish in the champions league qualifying spots ."
udinese strengthened their claims for a uefa cup place with a win at home to atalanta fabio quagliarella and antonio di natale grabbing the goals in the first half .
"ecuador s president rafael correa withdrew his government s ambassador in bogota , colombia , and ordered troops to the country s border following a colombian raid against leftist rebels inside ecuador ."
"in a televised address , correa called a raid by colombian national police and air force one day earlier a massacre that killed civilians ."
"the strike at dawn saturday killed two leading figures in the revolutionary armed forces of colombia farc , a marxist movement that has fought a guerrilla war against the country s government for some years ."
"the incident has triggered a crisis among the three countries , as venezuela president hugo chavez also ordered battalions of troops to the colombian border and the closure of venezuela s embassy in bogota ."
"chavez pledged to support ecuador in any circumstance , he said on his weekly talk show , alo presidente , or hello , president ."
"we don t want war , but we will not allow the north american empire which is the master and its sub president alvaro uribe and the colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us . we will not allow it ."
"the three countries are neighbors , with colombia , a u . s . ally , squeezed between ecuador , to the southwest , and venezuela , to the east ."
"also on saturday , correa told reporters in quito that uribe told him the raid occurred after a farc column fled across the border and fired at colombian forces , who had to defend themselves ."
"but correa said his forces investigated uribe s claims and discovered that the colombian planes attacked the guerrillas as they slept in a camp km . mi inside ecuador . of course ecuadoran air space was invaded , he said ."
"he said colombian ground forces then crossed into ecuador and retrieved reyes body , leaving the others ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn about , refugees were without homes sunday after a fire blazed through a camp in southeastern nepal destroying more than , huts , officials told cnn ."
authorities do not yet know definitively what caused the saturday night fire at the goldhap refugee camp .
a police officer at the scene told cnn that the blaze may have started from a kerosene lamp inside one of the homes .
"the makeshift homes are made of bamboo , mud and thatch ."
"the fire left only of the more than , homes standing , said home ministry spokesman mod raj dotel ."
"the government has offered , in relief to the refugees left without homes in the fire ."
the red cross and the united nations high commissioner for refugees office are assisting with tents and non food items .
"it is one of seven camps in southeastern nepal where , refugees from neighboring bhutan are housed ."
the refugees of ethnic nepalese origin have been living in the camps since after bhutan s government expelled them because it says they are non nationals .
"bhutan is considered one of the world s most isolated countries and the government strictly regulates foreign influences , including tourism , to preserve the country s buddhist culture ."
"bhutan allegedly stripped the minority ethnic nepalis of their citizenship and forced them into exile in an attempt to create a homogenous culture , according to the independent non governmental group human rights watch ."
"many of them have taken up arms and have launched a violent maoist rebellion , the group said ."
bhutan and nepal are separated by a strip of land belonging to india .
"cnn a teenager has been formally charged for the killings of her mother and two young brothers , a crime that has left the family s tiny texas town reeling ."
police are not releasing the daughter s name because she is a juvenile .
"bond was set at , each , said rains county sheriff david traylor ."
"the teenage girl s father , terry caffey , was shot in the head but survived and is helping police ."
"caffey , who is in critical condition , was able to crawl yards to a neighbor s home and later identified one of the suspects , said traylor ."
"the father is currently out of icu and is on his way to surgery to have four slugs removed , the sheriff said ."
"carl johnson , a family friend , told the associated press he saw the bloody trail left by terry caffey who dragged himself to a neighbor s house ."
"the killings , which police say were prompted when the daughter was forbidden to date one of the suspects , occurred in the alba , texas , home of terry and penny caffey on saturday morning . ."
"the home was burned as well as a medical supplies van outside , said traylor ."
"in the ashes , authorities found the body of penny caffey , , and the and year old boys ."
"early on in the investigation it was revealed that the juvenile and one of the suspects were dating and made to break up , traylor wrote in a release ."
the relationship was with wilkinson according to traylor .
"there hasn t been a murder here in years , said orvin carroll , longtime mayor of alba a town of about people east of dallas ."
"japan s main stock index plunged more than percent in monday morning trade , driven by concerns about the state of the u . s . economy and the dollar s weakness against the yen are driving tokyo stocks down ."
"the benchmark nikkei stock index lost . points , or . percent , to , . in early trade monday ."
worries over the u . s . economy spurred declines across the asia pacific markets early monday .
"the korea composite stock price index fell . points , or . percent , to , . after about the first minutes of trading ."
"steelmaker posco declined . percent to , won , while shipbuilder hyundai heavy industries co . dropped . percent to , won ."
"australian shares plunged by almost percent when markets opened monday , responding to large falls on wall street last week and rising fears about a recession in the united states ."
"the benchmark s p asx index fell . points , or . percent , to . points in the first minutes of trade , while the broader all ordinaries index lost . points or . percent to . ."
"in new york on friday , the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . ."
"the drop sent stocks lower for february , the fourth straight month of declines ."
"i am so disappointed , i thought i could see it through to the end and come back with our guys and the colonel himself ."
"he added , i suppose i think deep down inside it would be quite nice to have a bath . . . but , no , i d like to still be out there with the guys . . . i would love to go back out . i want to go out very very soon ."
"harry was welcomed home by his father and brother saturday , a day after he was quickly withdrawn from deployment ."
"prince harry walked off an raf transport plane , along with several dozen other british soldiers , at a . m . saturday ."
charles told reporters he was enormously proud of harry and said he now understood what the families and loved ones of soldiers endured when they were serving abroad .
the prince had been deployed in afghanistan since december .
"major news outlets had agreed to keep the information secret for security reasons , but a web site broke the news blackout thursday ."
that prompted the british military to withdraw the prince for security reasons four weeks before the end of his week deployment .
"venezuelan president hugo chavez on sunday ordered battalions of military forces to the country s border with colombia , and ordered the closure of venezuela s embassy in colombia s capital city of bogota ."
"chavez made the moves in reaction to an operation carried out at dawn saturday by colombia s national police and its air force in ecuador , which resulted in the death of the second in command of the farc rebels group , luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes ."
farc is the spanish acronym for the revolutionary armed forces of colombia . the marxist group has been trying for some years to overthrow the colombian government and is estimated to be holding hostages in the jungles of colombian .
"in the past two months , chavez has brokered farc s release of six of them ."
"reyes , who was a member of the seven man farc leadership council known as the general secretariat , played a key mediation role in their release ."
"also killed was guillermo enrique torres or julian conrado , who was a key farc ideologue ."
"i put venezuela on alert , and we will support ecuador in any circumstance , chavez said sunday on his weekly talk show alo presidente , or hello , president ."
"we don t want war , but we will not allow the north american empire which is the master and its sub president alvaro uribe and the colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us . we will not allow it ."
"chavez said saturday that the colombian government had violated ecuador s sovereignty and added that , had the operation been conducted on venezuelan soil , he would have declared war against colombia ."
"following what happened yesterday , peace talks are halted until the israeli aggression stops , palestinian spokesman nabil abu rudeina said sunday ."
that is the decision which the president mahmoud abbas adopted and so israel should know that this aggression won t just pass and the continuous israeli provocation and aggression upon the palestinian people won t lead to peace .
"israel is responding to ongoing rocket fire from palestinian militants in gaza deliberately and continuously target ing civilian population centers , israeli government spokesman mark regev told cnn ."
did they really expect that israel would sit by as a government and do nothing while they send rocket after rocket into civilian areas in israel trying to kill our people ?
the israeli military carried out three airstrikes in gaza on sunday
"one of the strikes targeted the gaza city home of a slain militant responsible for manufacturing rockets , according to palestinian security sources ."
"the two day death toll in gaza has surpassed , with most of the deaths occurring on saturday , the deadliest day of israeli palestinian fighting in a year ."
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama tried to convince ohio voters they have what it takes to fix the economy as they campaigned before contests that could decide the democratic presidential nomination .
"delegate rich ohio and texas hold contests on tuesday , along with rhode island and vermont ."
"in ohio , clinton and obama have been focusing largely on the economy and the north american free trade agreement , which many ohioans blame for the loss of manufacturing jobs ."
"i ve been around , doing this work for years , clinton fresh from an cameo appearance on saturday night live told voters at westerville north high school in suburban columbus , ohio ."
"obama on sunday spoke with voters in the rural southeast ohio town of nelsonville . he credited green jobs with helping reduce dependence on foreign countries for oil , but said such towns face difficult economic times ."
"i will be honest with you about the challenges we face , and creating economic development and jobs here in this community will be challenging , he said . it s not going to be easy ."
"he added , i m hopeful about the future of all towns across ohio and across the country that are struggling ."
clinton is banking on tuesday s primaries to break the obama s contest winning streak .
"even clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has suggested that if she does not win in ohio and texas , her campaign would face a dramatically difficult challenge overtaking obama ."
a poll of polls calculated by cnn indicates competitive races in both states .
"in ohio , the poll of polls showed clinton at percent , obama at percent and percent undecided ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , in baghdad sunday for the start of a historic two day trip , said visiting iraq without the dictator is a good thing ."
"the shiite led iraqi government rolled out the red carpet , literally , for ahmadinejad as he became the first iranian president to visit iraq , a country that was a bitter enemy when saddam hussein s sunni government was in power ."
"ahmadinejad , at a joint news conference with iraqi president jalal talabani , said the trip opens a new chapter in bilateral ties with iraq ."
"we have had good talks in a friendly and constructive environment , ahmadinejad said . we have the same understanding of things and the two parties are determined to strengthen their political , economic and cultural cooperation ."
"later in the day , ahmadinejad met iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki ."
both al maliki and talabani have made official trips to iran since taking office .
"at a joint news conference with al maliki in baghdad s green zone , ahmadinejad did not hide his disdain for the united states and its leadership ."
"u . s . president bush always accuses others without evidence and this increases problems , ahmadinejad said . the americans have to understand that iraqi people do not like america ."
"the united states has accused iran of supporting some insurgent groups in iraq , including supplying efps , the deadliest and most sophisticated type of roadside bomb ."
russian president vladimir putin congratulated his handpicked successor dmitry medvedev on his projected victory in sunday s presidential vote at a red square rock concert broadcast on russian tv .
incomplete returns showed medvedev with a hefty lead in sunday s presidential election .
"while there is more than one candidate in the elections , medvedev a longtime close aide to putin faced no serious opposition in his presidential bid ."
"with . percent of the precincts reporting , russia s central election commission said medvedev was leading with . percent of the vote ."
"this means that we can maintain the course that was proposed by president putin , medvedev said ."
"the commission said communist party leader gennady zyuganov was in second place with almost percent of the vote , followed by populist nationalist vladimir zhirinosvsky and a largely unknown andrei bogdanov ."
"medvedev is expected to capitalize on the success of putin s tenure as president , who remains incredibly influential and powerful in russia ."
many russians believe he has led the country out of the poverty and uncertainty of the s and is responsible for the current national economic boom .
"new york cnn in papers filed for a lawsuit in manhattan , j . k . rowling says she feels betrayed by a fan , steven vander ark , for his role in trying to publish an unauthorized reference work , harry potter lexicon ."
"vander ark is editor of a web site containing a fan created collection of essays and encyclopedic material on the potter universe , including lists of spells and potions found in the books , a catalog of magical creatures and a who s who in the wizarding world ."
"rowling said she was especially irked that the site s owner and the lexicon s would be publisher , rdr books , continued to insist that her acceptance of free , fan based web sites justified the efforts ."
she said she intends to publish her own definitive harry potter encyclopedia .
"if rdr s position is accepted , it will undoubtedly have a significant , negative impact on the freedoms enjoyed by genuine fans on the internet , she said . authors everywhere will be forced to protect their creations much more rigorously"
"rowling brought the lawsuit last halloween along with film company warner bros . , which owns the intellectual property related to the potter books and movies ."
rdr books publisher roger rapoport has said the lexicon would not compete with any official encyclopedia written by rowling .
"on its web site , rdr books said it was determined to publish this book for the benefit of harry potter fans everywhere ."
"in the past , rowling had singled out the web site and its editor for praise ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people attending the funeral of a police officer killed hours earlier in northwest pakistan on friday , an official told cnn ."
"a police source at swat province s special branch of police said there were dead and to people injured in the blast , which occurred in minora , swat s capital ."
"he said the attack took place on a funeral procession and caused an electricity blackout , which made it difficult to ascertain exact casualty numbers amid the confusion ."
"local reports also said the death toll was as high as or , with some saying that top local officials were among the dead ."
the death toll was expected to rise overnight .
"interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema , citing reports , said that many of the injuries were serious ."
"he also said the attack was probably the work of militants operating in swat and the federally administered tribal areas , which have long been havens for foreign fighters ."
"earlier friday , a bomb in lakki marwat , also in northwest pakistan , killed the district superintendent of police for whom the funeral was being held , according to the web site of the country s office of inter services public relations ."
"london , england cnn prince harry is immediately being withdrawn from afghanistan because of the media s disclosure of his deployment there , the british ministry of defense said friday ."
the prince has been deployed to afghanistan since december .
"this decision has been taken primarily on the basis that the worldwide media coverage of prince harry in afghanistan could impact on the security of those who are deployed there , as well as the risks to him as an individual soldier , the ministry of defense said in a statement issued friday ."
the ministry termed regrettable the decision of elements of the foreign media to reveal prince harry s service in afghanistan .
"i am very disappointed that foreign web sites have decided to run this story without consulting us , dannatt said ."
"withdrawing prince harry from afghanistan was a decision that has been made by the defense staff , and i think everybody will respect that to be the right decision , british prime minister gordon brown said friday ."
what matters is the safety of prince harry .
"the year old prince holds the rank of cornet equivalent to a second lieutenant and serves as a forward air controller with a group called joint tactical air control , or jtac ."
he said in a recent interview
"prince harry is the younger son of prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and the late princess diana , who died in a paris car crash in ."
evander holyfield has raised the prospect of a rematch of his infamous world heavyweight title fight with mike tyson despite both men being into their s .
"holyfield took tyson s crown in an epic bout in , but it was their second fight a year later that is remembered for all the wrong reasons with tyson disqualified for biting a chunk out of his opponent s ear ."
"holyfield , , has revealed he is considering an offer from year old tyson s camp to meet in the ring for a third time ."
"i said , it all depends on what they are going to give us because i m gonna catch a lot of flak if i say i m fighting mike tyson again ."
"he is believed to have held on to a large portion of his career earnings , but , by contrast , tyson has suffered well publicized financial problems ."
oil prices surpassed a barrel friday as continued weakness in the u . s . dollar and the prospect of lower interest rates attracted fresh capital to the oil market .
"light , sweet crude for april delivery jumped to a new trading record of . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange before slipping back to . a barrel , up cents ."
the contract jumped . to settle at a record . on thursday .
"the ferry , carrying more than passengers , capsized thursday after hitting a cargo vessel on the buriganga river ."
"the new bodies were found inside the hull of the wooden ferry mv saurav after it was pulled out of feet . meters of water early friday , said a . s . m . maniruzzaman , a police officer at the scene of the accident ."
"most of the dead were women and children who were traveling on the lower deck of the boat , maniruzzaman said"
"it sank near shore in the calm river after colliding with a small cargo vessel and many people were able to swim to safety , maniruzzaman said ."
"he said the cargo vessel was slightly damaged , and it was not known if anyone aboard it was hurt ."
a teenage survivor said a fishing boat rescued her as she swam toward shore .
area residents joined police and fire department divers in searching for those missing .
"paris , france cnn one fireman was killed and at least other people were injured thursday when gas leaking from a downtown street in the rhone valley city of lyon exploded ."
authorities said firemen answered a call about the smell of leaking gas shortly before noon local time a . m . et in the center of the city .
"as they were investigating , the gas exploded , sending the facade of a building crumbling down on firemen ."
"among the injured are three people in critical condition , officials said ."
initial reports indicate construction workers nearby may have accidentally severed a natural gas line .
"the interior minister , michele alliot marie went to the scene ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn an international fugitive accused of killing his wife in new zealand , stuffing her body into the trunk of a car and then abandoning the couple s year old daughter at a train station last year has been captured in the u . s . state of georgia , authorities said ."
"nai yin xue had been sought by authorities in three countries since september , when a small girl was found abandoned at a melbourne , australia , train station ."
surveillance footage from the station showed a man bringing her into the building and through security .
"the child became known internationally as pumpkin , after the kind of sweater she was wearing the pumpkin patch brand but she was identified as qian xun xue ."
"officers responding to a wanted person call found a crowd of people at the complex , none of whom spoke english , police said ."
but they were holding a chinese language newspaper and pointing to a photograph of a man .
"an interpreter was brought to the scene and determined the group was detaining a man they said was wanted for killing his wife in new zealand , police said ."
"officers went into an apartment and saw the man , later identified as xue , being held on the floor ."
"initially , the man gave police several different names but was clearly the man in the newspaper photograph , chamblee police told cnn . a search of his person found a new zealand driver s license bearing the name nai yin xue ."
"xue , who holds dual citizenship in china and new zealand , was featured on the television show america s most wanted twice ."
but it was the chinese newspaper that led to his capture .
"according to his wanted poster issued by new zealand police he was known to have contacts in new york , los angeles , san francisco and san diego . he also was a self proclaimed master of martial arts ."
"america s most wanted reported the sightings , saying that authorities believed xue was homeless and frequenting chinese restaurants and martial arts studios ."
"xue , who speaks virtually no english , was being held in the dekalb county , georgia , jail thursday afternoon , police said ."
"sunnyvale , california cnn yahoo inc . is facing seven shareholder lawsuits alleging the slumping internet pioneer bungled its response to microsoft s unsolicited takeover bid ."
the sunnyvale based company provided a breakdown of the suits in an annual report filed wednesday with the securities and exchange .
"the documents didn t provide any new information about yahoo s attempts to shoo away microsoft , which is threatening to pursue a hostile takeover unless a friendly deal can be negotiated ."
"yahoo s board believes microsoft s offer , originally valued at . billion , is insufficient ."
"microsoft , though , has stood firm and is now preparing to overthrow yahoo s member board , which includes the company s co founder and chief executive , jerry yang ."
most analysts believe microsoft will do whatever it takes to buy yahoo .
"redmond based microsoft has invested heavily in honing its own search engine and advertising technology , but neither it nor yahoo have helped close the gap with google , which dominates microsoft and yahoo in u . s . search queries and related advertising revenue ."
"france has renewed its plea to colombian rebels to free more hostages , particularly politician ingrid betancourt , after the release this week of four captives ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy on thursday urged betancourt s release , calling it a matter of life or death , according to the associated press ."
"at least two hostages freed wednesday alluded to the poor health of betancourt , , a former colombian presidential candidate with dual french and colombian citizenship ."
"the survival of the most weakened hostages , like our compatriot ingrid betancourt , who has marked her sixth year of detention by the farc , is at stake , french foreign minister bernard kouchner said in a statement late wednesday , using the spanish acronym for the revolutionary armed forces of colombia ."
"the farc on wednesday freed former colombian lawmakers gloria polanco , orlando beltran , jorge eduardo gechem and luis eladio perez in a deal brokered by venezuelan president hugo chavez ."
these ex legislators were among an estimated hostages held in the jungles of southern colombia .
"the international committee of the red cross picked up the four in a jungle clearing of a rebel area in colombia and flew them to caracas , venezuela ."
they were reunited there with their families and met with chavez .
"last month , the rebel force released two hostages in a deal also brokered by chavez , whose left wing political philosophy comes closer than that of colombia s rightist leaders to the doctrines of the farc , a force that was organized in the s as a marxist army intent on overthrowing the colombian government ."
"the farc has justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long running and complex civil war that also has involved right wing paramilitaries , government forces and drug traffickers ."
"johannesburg , south africa cnn two of the four white students who were seen in a video allegedly mocking black housekeepers and serving them stew seemingly laced with urine have apologized for taking part , their lawyer confirmed to cnn thursday ."
"attorney nico naude said the men have been described , depicted and crucified in the media as racists ."
"the two , roelof malherbe and schalk van der merwe , said in the statement they are not racists and most certainly had no intention of humiliating or degrading the employees concerned or black people in general or of detrimentally affecting their dignity ."
"the university of free state thursday identified malherbe and van der merwe as two of the men in the video and said they are current students , according to a statement on the university web site . wednesday , the university said they had been banned from campus ."
the university statement said the other two in the video are now former students danie grobler and johnny roberts .
malherbe and van der merwe said in their statement they had acted without malicious intent when they participated in making the video .
"they apologized for any embarrassment which they may unintentionally have caused to any person or group of persons including parents , the statement said ."
"the video , which surfaced tuesday , showed four white students putting five black female housekeepers at their university dormitory in bloemfontein through a series of competitions in the style of the program fear factor ."
it sparked an immediate uproar on the campus and among human rights groups in south africa .
"the university denounced the video as a gross violation of human dignity and said thursday it has officially reported the matter to the director of public prosecution , a statement on its web site said ."
"rebounding from weak fundraising in january , sen . hillary clinton is expected to raise million in february a figure rival sen . barack obama s campaign said it would surpass , a campaign official said thursday ."
the million would be clinton s biggest fundraising mark yet and represents a remarkable recovery for her campaign .
"we ve raised considerably more than that , obama spokesman bill burton said ."
"obama told reporters on his campaign plane thursday , i have no idea how much money we ve raised , but we ve been paying our bills . right now , i believe we re doing very good ."
"that would make february an astounding fundraising month for the democrats . at that rate , both candidates would break records for contestants in a primary fight ."
the clinton official spoke on condition of anonymity because the figure was to be formally announced later in the day . the official said almost all the money raised in february was for the primary election .
the campaign averaged about a million a day online alone .
"despite her increased fundraising , obama is still outspending her in the crucial march primary states of ohio and texas ."
"as of tuesday , obama had spent a total of . million in advertising in the two states . clinton had spent . million ."
"cnn serbia will not give up its claim on breakaway province kosovo or its bid to become a member of the european union , serbian president boris tadic said in an interview published thursday ."
"kosovo declaration of independence sparked anger in serbia , but picked up quick support from eu nations including germany and the uk ."
"serbia and kosovo s minority serb population considers the province the heart of the serb nation , but the majority ethnic albanians wanted independence from belgrade ."
the associated press reported thursday that about of the serb officers in the kosovo police force have either quit or not shown up for work since the independence declaration .
"dozens more are threatening to leave , police officials told ap ."
"he added , the people understand that we should be eu members , that this is in our national interest . we re not going to relinquish kosovo or becoming eu members ."
"kosovo s parliament declared the country s independence from serbia on february , setting up a confrontation with serbia and its longtime ally russia , which demanded that the move be declared null and void ."
"if the albanians are going to get everything and the serbians are going to lose everything , there will be a problem ."
"he added , this is also in europe s interest . some of the countries that have illegally recognized kosovo have committed a historic error ."
kenya s rival politicians have signed a peace deal to end the violent post election crisis in which hundreds died .
"president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga agreed to form a coalition government after weeks of wrangling , mediator kofi annan said ."
"once bitterly divided , president kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga were shown on kenyan television sitting together at a desk during a public ceremony and signing the deal in front of a crowd ."
we on our side are completely committed in ensuring that this agreement will succeed . the ball has moved partially from the hands of the negotiators and ourselves to the court of parliament .
kibaki said that his government will fully support implementation of the agreement reached under the national dialogue and reconciliation process until we achieve the results we all want .
"the agreement calls for an act of parliament within two weeks that would change the country s constitution , creating the position of prime minister to coordinate and supervise the government and its ministries ."
"the national accord and reconciliation act establishes that the president , vice president , prime minister and other ministers will form the government s cabinet with the addition of two deputy prime ministers who will be appointed by the president ."
the act also stipulates that ministers cannot be fired without written permission from their party .
"hundreds have been killed and more than , have been displaced since the post election violence started , according to the kenya red cross ."
"london , england cnn the uk s prince harry has been serving on the frontline in afghanistan and seen combat , the uk ministry of defense confirmed thursday ."
he was deployed weeks ago and his fellow soldiers were sworn to secrecy .
"the prince s status is currently being reviewed , the ministry of defense said ."
harry is third in line to the british throne and serves with the blues and royals .
as far as i m concerned i m out here as a normal jtac on the ground and not as prince harry he said .
"british prime minister gordon brown said the whole of britain will be proud of the outstanding service he is giving . for the last weeks , he has joined the thousands of members of the british armed forces who have served with such distinction in difficult circumstances in afghanistan since ."
"the head of the british army , chief of the general staff sir richard dannatt , said harry s deployment had been kept secret after striking an agreement with the media ."
british and international media including cnn had agreed not to report harry s deployment because of security concerns for him and his unit .
the military confirmed the operation after a u . s . web site broke the news blackout .
dannatt said what the last two months have shown is that it is perfectly possible for prince harry to be employed just the same as other army officers of his rank and experience .
his conduct on operations in afghanistan has been exemplary . he has been fully involved in operations and has run the same risks as everyone else in his battlegroup .
dannatt added that he and senior commanders will now be reviewing harry s deployment .
"last year , the military ruled harry could not be sent to iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk ."
"it is a slow but steady trickle all day long at the hamilton county board of elections the ohio presidential primary is tuesday , but turnout is already smashing records ."
"in the presidential primary campaign , , absentee ballots were requested . four years later , there were , requests ."
"more than , just in the cincinnati area , part of an unprecedented early and absentee voting pattern across the state ."
it is in part due to aggressive pushes by both democratic campaigns .
"some barack obama campaign ads end with information about early voting , and to visit his cincinnati campaign headquarters is to see an effort both to get voters to cast their ballots early and on a call and rides list for next tuesday ."
"more people are telling us they are going to be voting in the democratic primary , eric rademacher , associate director of the institute for policy research at the university of cincinnati tells cnn ."
"and when we look at our polls over time , we are seeing a little bit of a dip in the number of people who are self identifying as republicans ."
"excluding caucuses , some million democratic votes have been cast in the primaries held to date ."
"for republicans , the number is . million ."
one reason republicans cite now is the fact that the democratic contest is highly competitive while the republican race is all but over . but gop turnout has been down since the beginning of the year even when the republican race was wide open .
"new york city mayor michael bloomberg , who has publicly flirted with the idea of a run for the white house as an independent , says he will not run for president ."
"the year old billionaire had publicly repeated that he was not a candidate for president in recent months , while leaving open the option that he could become one ."
bloomberg mentioned in his editorial that he would work to steer the national conversation away from partisanship and toward unity
"at a summit designed to bridge the divide between democrats and republicans , bloomberg said in january partisanship is limiting the nation s progress ."
"people have stopped working together , government is dysfunctional , there s no collaborating and congeniality , he said . america is being held back ."
"bloomberg was elected mayor of new york in , two months after the september , , attacks on the world trade center ."
"arsenal striker eduardo da silva has been released from hospital following the broken leg he suffered in a tackle against birmingham city last weekend , the premier league club have revealed ."
"the club can confirm that eduardo has now been released from hospital , where he had been since sustaining his injury against birmingham city , an arsenal statement said ."
eduardo would like to once again thank everyone for the overwhelming messages of support he has received .
the incident was deemed so horrendous the host broadcaster covering the match refused to show replays of the tackle during the game .
"eduardo , whose injury has ruled him out of the remainder of premier league season and the euro finals in austria and switzerland , underwent surgery on saturday in birmingham before being transferred to a london hospital ."
new york cnn whoopi goldberg has accepted an apology from producer gil cates for not including her in a montage featuring oscar hosts during sunday s academy awards telecast .
"cates called her tuesday and talked about the fact that he had made an oversight , pure and simple ."
"he said , you know i love you , goldberg said wednesday on abc daytime talk show the view ."
"goldberg , who called cates a great gentleman , accepted his apology ."
"a gunman fired into a crowd of people at a los angeles bus stop wednesday , wounding seven , including children , authorities said ."
"the shooting happened near a middle school , but not on school grounds ."
"the school was placed on lockdown after the incident , but parents later were allowed to pick up their children ."
"the shooting victims range in age from to , police said ."
two a year old woman and a year old boy were in critical condition .
four of the victims were or younger .
"police do not know the motive behind the shooting , but believe the gunman was targeting one of the victims , de la torre said ."
"authorities were searching for the gunman , described as an african american male aged to , wearing a white t shirt and blue jeans ."
"the white students made a video of the incident , which they staged in reaction to the university s efforts to integrate its residences , according to a statement from the university of the free state ."
"the protesters on wednesday included black and white students who later marched to the residence where the video was made and demanded that it be shut down , witnesses said ."
"the video surfaced on tuesday but was made in september , the university said ."
"in the video , white male students at reitz residence are seen encouraging at least three black female housekeepers to participate in what the students call the reitz fear factor , an apparent reference to the television show in which contestants eat live worms or compete in other feats ."
"in one scene from the video , a student mixes what looks like a beef stew in a plastic bowl and adds garlic and other items ."
then he tells the camera he will add the special ingredient .
"the student then urinates into the mixture , which he later stirs up and puts in a microwave . other students can be heard laughing on the tape ."
"the next scene shows a different student urging at least three housekeepers to drink cups full of the stew , saying , this is our dorm s fear factor ."
we want to see who has the best fear factor .
"the women , on their knees , spit the stew into buckets after tasting it ."
"some appeared to vomit , but the women also laughed during the incident as the student urged them on ."
"at the end of the video , a message appears on the screen in afrikaans saying , that , at the end of the day , is what we think of integration ."
university officials and human rights groups in south africa denounced the video .
"the executive management of the university condemns this video in the strongest possible terms as a gross violation of the human dignity of the workers involved , said ufs rector frederick fourie in a statement posted on the university s web site ."
"later wednesday , fourie met with the employees seen in the video and apologized to them , a statement from the university said ."
"counseling is being provided for the workers , it added ."
"the students involved in the video have been identified and will be suspended , fourie said , and charges against the men will be filed with the south african police service ."
"rome , italy cnn italy s food fraud police say they have seized about , hams because the meat was branded with fake parma prosciutto trademarks ."
"but the ham wasn t made by italy s premier prosciutto makers , who can use the name parma , the italian city famed for the delicacy ."
the dry cured parma ham must age for at least a year in special conditions .
police believe consumers have already bought and ate some of the prosciutto .
"tokyo , japan cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in japan on wednesday on a mission to smooth tensions created by rape allegations against two u . s . service members and to try to jump start stalled north korean nuclear talks ."
"rice s whirlwind visit includes meetings with japan s prime minister , defense minister and foreign minister ."
emotions have run high against the u . s . military mostly located on the japanese island of okinawa after the arrest of a u . s . marine in the alleged rape of a year old japanese girl as well as allegations that a u . s . army employee raped a filipino woman .
"rice was expected to express sentiments , possibly condolences , for the alleged actions of the service members at an evening news conference with japanese foreign minister masahiko komura , cnn s kyung lah reported ."
"before coming to japan , the secretary of state s asian tour has been dominated by north korea and efforts to jump start denuclearization talks as she met with officials in china and south korea ."
"that is specifically why she was in the region why she was hoping that japan , china and south korea might together be able to push along these six party talks and get north korea to denuclearize ."
"there has been very little progress in the talks in the past two months , although north korea officials say efforts to dismantle the facility continue , but at a slower pace ."
similar cases have fueled resentment of the u . s . military presence .
"more than , u . s . troops are stationed in japan , most of them on okinawa ."
they were placed there under a security alliance after japan was defeated in world war ii .
"a cathay pacific airways pilot was fired after he buzzed a u . s . airfield without permission while taking delivery of a boeing er passenger jet , the airline said wednesday ."
"the hong kong based carrier which would not identify the pilot said it was still investigating the january fly by at paine field , miles north of downtown seattle and home to a boeing plant ."
"cathay spokeswoman carolyn leung said the pilot was dismissed last week because he did not seek or obtain approval for the fly by , which has been done several times before at air shows with the airline s permission ."
"hong kong s south china morning post newspaper reported sunday that the airline s chairman , christopher pratt , was on the plane when the pilot , capt . ian wilkinson , swooped back over the boeing plant shortly after taking off ."
"of the stunt were posted on youtube and the web site of a seattle area plane spotter , matt cawby ."
"the er is feet long , weighs about tons and is listed at million ."
"brisbane , australia cnn a foot python stalked a family dog for days before swallowing the pet whole in front of horrified children in the australian tropics , animal experts said wednesday ."
"the boy and girl , aged and , watched as the scrub python devoured their silky terrier chihuahua crossbreed monday at their home near kuranda in queensland state ."
"stuart douglas , owner of the australian venom zoo in kuranda , said scrub pythons typically eat wild animals such as wallabies , a smaller relative of the kangaroo , but sometimes turn to pets in urban areas ."
"it actively stalked the dog for a number of days , douglas said ."
"by the time douglas arrived , all that could be seen of the dog was its hind legs and tail ."
"the zoo manager , todd rose , said pythons squeeze their prey to death before swallowing it whole ."
the year old dog would have been suffocated within minutes .
"the lady who was there threw some plastic chairs at the snake , but you ve got to remember that this is about kilograms pounds of aggressive muscle , rose said ."
"removing the half swallowed dog could have harmed or even killed the python , rose said , because dogs have sharp teeth and claws that could do the snake internal damage if it were wrenched out ."
the snake was still digesting the dog at the zoo wednesday .
the european union fined microsoft corp . a record . billion on wednesday for charging rivals too much for software information .
eu regulators said the company charged unreasonable prices until last october to software developers who wanted to make products compatible with the windows desktop operating system .
"microsoft msft , fortune immediately said that these fines were about past issues that have been resolved and the company was now working under new principles to make its products more open ."
the fine is the largest ever for a single company and the first time the eu has penalized a business for failing to obey an antitrust order .
the penalty far outweighs a a march decision that fined microsoft million and ordered it to
"share communications information with rivals within days , taking an appeal to an eu court that it lost last september ."
"the company delayed complying with the eu order for three years , the eu said , only making changes on oct . to the patent licenses it charges companies that need data to help them make software that works with microsoft ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn turkey s armed forces stepped up their offensive against kurdish rebels in northern iraq on wednesday amid rising diplomatic tensions between baghdad and ankara ."
"defying iraqi and u . s . calls for turkey to wind up the six day operation , a top turkish diplomat said there was no timetable for the incursion following talks in baghdad with iraqi counterparts ."
"in baghdad , ahmet davutogulu , chief foreign policy adviser to turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , said the campaign was targeted solely against kurdistan workers party pkk militants responsible for cross border attacks against turkish targets ."
"the objective is the elimination of the pkk terrorism , davutogulu said , addressing a press conference with iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari ."
"davutogulu said the incursion , which has resulted in dozens of militant deaths , was not meant to violate iraqi sovereignty ."
he underscored the fact that no country can tolerate the presence of the terrorist groups next to our territories attacking civilians .
i am glad to say that the iraqi government showed its clear cooperation during our counterterrorist activities .
he said iraq condemned the action and wanted turkey s troops to leave as soon as possible . but he said iraqi officials had expressed their willingness to work with turkey over the issue of pkk terrorism .
"u . s . defense secretary robert gates , who was due to visit the turkish capital , ankara , on wednesday , has also called for turkey to wrap up military operations as promptly as possible ."
"dozens of kurdish militants and five turkish soldiers were killed overnight in northern iraq during turkey s offensive against separatist guerrillas there , according to the turkish military ."
the turkish military s web site said militants five soldiers and three pro turkish village guards were killed tuesday night .
the number of militants killed in the nearly week long operation is .
the house approved billion in new taxes on the largest oil companies wednesday as democrats cited record oil prices and rising gasoline costs in a time of economic troubles .
"the money collected over years would provide tax breaks for wind , solar and other alternative energy sources and for energy conservation ."
those companies earned billion last year .
senate democratic leaders said they would put the bill on a fast track and try to avoid a republican filibuster .
the white house said the bill unfairly takes aim at the oil industry . president bush is expected to veto the legislation if it passes congress .
"house majority leader steny hoyer , d maryland , noted it was two years ago , when oil cost a barrel , when bush said oil companies need no government subsidies to pursue more oil or gas ."
do these companies need taxpayer subsidies to look for new product ? they don t need any incentive .
republicans said the measure unfairly targeted a single industry .
"the top republican on the ways and means committee , which developed the tax proposals , he cited statistics that show that oil companies already pay more taxes than many other industries ."
"jerusalem cnn at least three israeli missiles hit the palestinian interior ministry in gaza wednesday , hours after palestinian militants fired more than qassam rockets into southern israel ."
"one of those rockets struck near a college , killing one person , according to the israeli military and emergency medical services ."
the palestinian rockets are a near daily occurrence but have only occasionally injured or killed people .
"the strike at the ministry injured several people , according to palestinian sources ."
"another rocket hit the building several minutes later , the sources said ."
the ministry strike was part of a series of israeli airstrikes on gaza in retaliation for the rocket attack .
"the israeli military late wednesday confirmed six airstrikes in gaza . the targets were rocket manufacturing and launching sites and a headquarters building , the israelis said ."
"apart from the one death and one injury wednesday by palestinian rockets that hit sapir college , near sderot , no other injuries were reported from the rockets ."
"another israeli airstrike targeting a rocket cell in northern gaza killed one civilian and injured three others just outside jebalya , palestinian medical and security sources said ."
"the israeli military confirmed it carried out the airstrikes in northern gaza , but offered no details ."
"deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is expected to return to thailand on thursday after months in exile , a pro thaksin web site said ."
"soon afterward , he is expected to report to the country s supreme court to faces charges of corruption and abuse of power ."
"the anti thaksin people s alliance for democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing his rule , told cnn on tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on thursday ."
thaksin is a year old telecommunications tycoon who owns the english premier league manchester city football club .
his party won two landslide victories before he was deposed in a bloodless military coup in september .
"in december s parliamentary elections , allies of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and paved the way for his return ."
"cnn colombian rebels wednesday freed four hostages held for more than six years , said a spokesman for the international committee of the red cross in colombia ."
"the hostages former colombian legislators were released in the southern jungles of the country around midday , said icrc spokesman yves heller in bogota ."
"they were flying in two venezuelan helicopters directly to the venezuelan border town of santo domingo after being freed near san jose del guaviare , colombia , heller said ."
two doctors were with the icrc team that picked up the four from san jose del guaviare .
"they were also to meet there with venezuelan president hugo chavez , who brokered the operation ."
"heller identified the four as gloria polanco , luis eladio perez , orlando beltran and eduardo gechem ."
"the four have been among an estimated hostages held in colombia s jungles by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc ."
heller described the effort as an excellent collaboration among the icrc and the venezuelan and colombian governments .
sens . john mccain and barack obama engaged in a pointed exchange over al qaeda in iraq on wednesday .
mccain questioned whether obama was aware of the al qaeda base .
obama s response was there was no such thing as al qaeda in iraq until george bush and john mccain decided to invade iraq .
"mccain was in tyler , texas , and obama was in columbus , ohio ."
it s a remarkable statement to say that you would send troops back to a place where al qaeda has established a base where they have already established a base .
mccain s comments come in response to remarks obama made tuesday night in a debate with sen . hillary clinton .
he was asked if the president would have to right to go back into iraq in order to suppress an insurrection after downsizing the u . s . troop presence .
"i always reserve the right for the president . . . to make sure that we are looking out for american interests , obama said . and if al qaeda is forming a base in iraq , then we will have to act in a way that secures the american homeland and our interests abroad ."
the latest exchange comes as a new poll suggests mccain would pose a tough match for the eventual democratic nominee .
obama is the front runner for the democratic nomination .
"clinton trails by delegates , but delegates are up for grabs next tuesday ."
"according to a los angeles times bloomberg poll , mccain would be in tight races with either of the remaining democratic presidential candidates ."
"mccain is statistically tied with obama , percent to percent , and ahead of clinton by points , percent to percent ."
the poll s margin of error was plus or minus percentage points .
maria sharapova has dropped out of this week s dubai championships because of a viral illness .
"the russian is unbeaten this year after winning the qatar open title on sunday , following her triumph in january s australian open"
i flew to dubai right after my final in doha and woke up on monday feeling really fatigued and stuffed up with a cough .
intend to come back to dubai next year and hopefully have a great tournament .
"i think it s a lot of flying which has done it , she said ."
"sharapova will be replaced in the dubai draw by lucky loser akiko morigami , the world number from japan ."
"anchorage , alaska cnn a tiny alaska village eroding into the arctic ocean sued two dozen oil , power and coal companies tuesday , claiming that the large amounts of greenhouse gases they emit contribute to global warming that threatens the community s existence ."
"the city of kivalina and a federally recognized tribe , the alaska native village of kivalina , sued exxon mobil corporation , eight other oil companies , power companies and one coal company in a lawsuit filed in federal court in san francisco ."
kivalina is a traditional inupiat eskimo village of about people about miles km northwest of anchorage . it s built on an mile km barrier reef between the chukchi sea and kivalina river .
"sea ice traditionally protected the community , whose economy is based in part on salmon fishing plus subsistence hunting of whale , seal , walrus , and caribou ."
but sea ice that forms later and melts sooner because of higher temperatures has left the community unprotected from fall and winter storm waves and surges that lash coastal communities .
"we normally have ice starting in october , but now we have open water even into december so our island is not protected from the storms ."
relocation costs have been estimated at million or more .
"a spokesman for exxon mobil , gantt walton , said the company was reviewing the lawsuit and had no immediate comment on it ."
"reached by phone in boston , attorney matt pawa said other lawsuits have been filed seeking damages from global warming , but this is the first one that has a discretely identifiable victim ."
"damage to kivalina from global warming has been documented in official government reports by the army corps of engineers and the general accounting office , pawa said ."
"the suit was filed in california because that s where many of the defendants are located or do business , pawa said ."
"sao paulo , brazil cnn naomi campbell has been hospitalized in sao paulo and is being treated by one of brazil s top specialists in infectious disease , the hospital s press office said tuesday ."
a publicist for the year old british supermodel confirmed campbell was treated at a hospital and had a small cyst removed . there were no other details .
"naomi campbell was admitted to hospital . . . to have a small cyst removed , her publicist , jeff raymond , said in a statement ."
"following the successful procedure , she is now resting and is looking forward to getting back to work . she would like to thank the doctors who have kindly looked after her ."
"campbell , a frequent visitor to brazil , celebrated carnival earlier this month in the northeastern city of salvador ."
she was hospitalized sunday in sao paulo s sirio libanes hospital .
"she is under the care of david uip , a specialist in infectious diseases , and gynecologist jose aristodemo pinotti , the hospital said in a statement ."
"the patient and her advisers have determined that the hospital s medical staff will not issue any formal or informal information on her medical condition , the hospital statement said ."
"michael jackson s neverland ranch will be put up for sale at a public auction next month unless the pop star pays the more than million he still owes on the property , according to a tuesday court filing ."
"financial title co . filed the notice of trustee s sale with santa barbara county superior court , setting the auction date for march ."
"julie wagner , a manager at the san francisco based title company , confirmed that jackson s property was set for auction ."
court documents obtained by fox news warn jackson that he has until the date of the auction to take action to keep his lavish los olivos estate .
"miami , florida cnn the leader of a shark tour whose customer was mauled to death saturday was warned that his practice of allowing people to swim close to hungry sharks could lead to tragedy , a colleague said ."
markus groh an austrian lawyer died after being gnawed during a dive led by jim abernethy s south florida company .
"groh , , died from loss of blood resulting from the shark attack near the bahamas , the miami dade medical examiner s office said ."
"neal watson , a president of the bahamas diving association , told cnn he implored abernethy to stop what watson considered a dangerous practice cageless shark dives specifically targeting dangerous shark species ."
"the shark dives are advertised on the web site of his company , jim abernethy s scuba adventures ."
"in shark dive excursions , dead fish and fish entrails are used to attract the sharks and bring them close to the divers ."
"cageless dives put divers and sharks in close proximity , without a metal underwater cage protecting the diver ."
"shark feeding was banned in florida in , so dive operators take customers out to bahamian waters , watson said ."
watson said that he had sent a letter to members of the bahamas diving association in july urging them to stop cageless dives with about dangerous species .
new york cnn warning to starbucks junkies who usually get a fix on their way home from work you re out of luck on tuesday .
"starbucks , which last week announced layoffs , plans to temporarily close its , u . s . stores on tuesday for three hours of employee training ."
"the coffee chain said the in store training program which will begin at p . m . local time , would foster enthusiasm in its , u . s . employees and improve the quality of drinks made by starbucks baristas ."
"we believe that this is a bold demonstration of our commitment to our core and a reaffirmation of our coffee leadership , said chief executive howard schultz in a statement ."
stores that normally stay open beyond p . m . will resume service after the training session is finished .
"but for those who still need their afternoon dose of caffeine , there is a cheap alternative ."
"dunkin donuts to ensure that no coffee lover is denied a delicious espresso based beverage announced that it will offer small lattes , cappuccinos or espresso drinks for a promotional price of cents on tuesday from p . m . to p . m ."
"starbucks has seen rising competition from privately held dunkin donuts and mcdonalds recently , and welcomed founder schultz back as ceo in january after a lackluster performance by the company in the latter half of ."
"cnn a magnitude . earthquake shook britain early wednesday , centered on the east coast north of london , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .
"it felt pretty scary , haydn jones of nottingham , who lives in a third floor apartment , told cnn ."
"he said he has lived abroad in japan and knew immediately what it was , but felt that a lot of those in england didn t really know what was going on ."
"jones likened the feeling to someone very big and angry jumping on the ceiling below you , rather than the floor ."
"he believed the shaking lasted about seconds , but said , time sort of stands still for you . he said there was no damage in his area ."
the usgs classifies earthquakes of magnitude . to magnitude . as light .
"earthquakes frequently hit britain between and annually , according to the british geological survey , although most have a magnitude of less than . earthquakes with a magnitude of . to . hit mainland britain about once every two years and strike beneath the north sea about once per year ."
"britain s strongest recorded quake was the north sea quake of june , , with a magnitude of . ."
it was felt across the british isles and in northwestern germany . the quake killed one person .
"bangkok , thailand cnn deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is expected to return to thailand on thursday after months in exile , a pro thaksin web site said ."
"soon afterward , he is expected to report to the country s supreme court to faces charges of corruption and abuse of power ."
"the web site on tuesday urged supporters to greet the former prime minister at the airport at a . m . local time gmt , and thousands are expected to congregate ."
"the anti thaksin people s alliance for democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing his rule , told cnn on tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on thursday ."
"if the decision stands , it will null the possibility of clashes between the two camps on thursday ."
"in december s parliamentary elections , allies of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and paved the way for his return ."
thaksin has said he would not re enter politics when he comes home .
he said that he and his family had suffered enough but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence .
the billionaire leader is accused of abusing the country s system of checks and balances and bending government policy to benefit his family s business .
"in the real estate transaction , the wife is accused of purchasing undeveloped land for about a third of its estimated value . thaksin also faces separate charges of concealing assets ."
three national polls of democrats show sen . barack obama is the front runner for the nomination . but what s behind this latest momentum ?
"if you average the poll of polls ap ipsos , usa today gallup and cbs new york times obama leads clinton percent to percent , with percent unsure ."
"in two different polls , around percent of democrats polled believe obama will get their party s nomination ."
"when democrats were asked about the general election , the new york times cbs news poll showed obama had the best chance of beating sen . john mccain percent to clinton s percent . and it s not just democrats ."
the usa today gallup poll asked republicans which democrat would mccain have a better chance of beating .
"well , they said the same thing about me when i started running in new york ."
"i was wasting my time and my money , clinton recently said . but i trust the voters , and frankly that s who matters ."
"they give mccain a solid lead over clinton , according to the new york times cbs news poll ."
but independents abandon mccain for obama .
"pakistani opposition leader nawaz sharif , who was banned from taking part in last week s elections because of criminal convictions , is planning to contest the by elections . several hurdles stand in his way ."
"but if he can overcome them , sharif may plant himself in the running for the prime minister s slot in the new government ."
"both sharif and his brother , shahbaz , will run , said ahsan iqbal , spokesman for the pakistan muslim league n pml n ."
the party captured the second most number of votes in the feb . parliamentary elections .
pml n is currently in talks with slain opposition leader benazir bhutto s pakistan people s party ppp to form a coalition government .
"ppp , which won the majority of parliamentary seats , has yet to name a candidate for the prime minister post ."
"if sharif succeeds in winning a seat in parliament through the by elections , he could push the coalition to nominate him as their prime minister candidate ."
"as its reason , the commission cited sharif s criminal record that dates back to the late s ."
"north korean officials have invited rock guitarist eric clapton to play a concert in the communist state , a diplomat at the country s embassy in london said tuesday ."
the diplomat confirmed reports in the british media that clapton had been officially invited to pyongyang the first such invitation to a western rock star to the isolated nation .
"eric clapton is a well known musician and guitarist , famous throughout the world , said the official , who declined to give his name . it will be a good opportunity for western music to be understood better by koreans ."
"clapton s north korean debut may not be imminent , however ."
spokeswoman kristen foster said the year old musician had not agreed to play any dates in the country .
"eric clapton receives numerous offers to play in countries around the world , she said . there is no agreement whatsoever for him to play in north korea , nor any planned shows there ."
"the new york philharmonic played in pyongyang on tuesday , and north korean state symphony orchestra is due to perform in london and the english city of middlesbrough in september ."
the financial times reported the invitation to clapton was in return for the korean orchestra s british tour .
"clapton is regarded as one of rock s greatest guitarists , with a string of hits since the s including include layla , cocaine and tears in heaven ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn argentinians planning to travel to the northern part of the country , brazil and paraguay were lining up for vaccinations tuesday , because of a yellow fever breakout that has killed at least people in the region ."
public health officials recommend that anyone planning to travel to an affected area get the vaccine which is effective for a decade days before arriving .
"concern in argentina began last month , when health authorities reported finding dead monkeys in pinalito park , in the san pedro department of misiones province ."
but the ministry of health s dr . hugo fernandez pointed out that the last documented case of yellow fever among people in argentina was in .
"that put us on alert , and we have put in place all the necessary controls since january of this year ."
"the ministry of health recommended that residents and travelers to the high alert area in northern argentina , near the borders of brazil , bolivia and paraguay , also receive the vaccine ."
"on monday , paraguay s ministry of health and social welfare confirmed cases , eight of them fatal , in two areas in the center of the country san pedro department and central department ."
"brazil had tallied deaths , the country s ministry of health said ."
"people contract yellow fever from the bite of an infected mosquito . the disease causes fever , muscle pain , headaches , shivering , nausea and vomiting , the world health organization says ."
"most people improve after three or four days , but some enter a second toxic phase that causes fever , jaundice and blood in the vomit , the health organization says ."
about half of the people who enter the second phase of yellow fever die within days .
yellow fever typically is found in tropical regions of africa and latin america .
"a significant equipment failure at a substation west of miami triggered tuesday afternoon s blackouts around southern florida , affecting , customers , a florida power light official said ."
"utility spokeswoman aletha player said an investigation is ongoing , and provided no details of the failure . she said power was expected to be restored by p . m et ."
"the failure occurred at p . m . and knocked out power to customers north of miami on both the atlantic and gulf coasts , state and local authorities and utility officials said ."
"it also triggered the automatic shutdown of the turkey point nuclear power plant south of miami , federal regulators reported ."
"the failure knocked out power to customers in southern florida counties and spread into the northern florida peninsula . the affected region ultimately ranged from miami to tampa on the state s west coast and brevard county , home to cape canaveral and the kennedy space center , on the east ."
"a strong cold front and scattered thunderstorms moved through the region , including one that prompted a tornado warning for fort lauderdale , the national weather service reported ."
but a national weather service meteorologist told the southern florida based sun sentinel that there were no major storms in the area at the time electricity went out that would cause such a large failure .
"in washington , officials at the department of homeland security said there was no immediate concern that terrorism was behind the outage ."
cnn one of five britons believed to have been kidnapped may in baghdad pleaded tuesday with the british government to release prisoners sought by his captors so we can go home .
"in a video released tuesday on the arabic language network al arabiya , the man says , my name is peter moore . i have been held here for nearly eight months ."
moore appears alone in front of what appears to be a red curtain .
"we condemn the release of videos such as this , which are greatly distressing to the families of those involved ."
our thoughts are with them at this difficult time .
we urge those holding the group to release them immediately . we are in close contact with the iraqi authorities and doing everything we can to try and secure a swift release .
the five britons were seized along with two iraqis from an iraqi finance ministry building in baghdad and were said to have been taken toward the shiite neighborhood of sadr city .
"an al arabiya anchor said tuesday , al arabiya received a tape that had a statement and a video showing a man who appears to be a british hostage . the video is signed by a group calling itself the shiite islamic resistance in iraq ."
"the statement was addressed to the british people , asking them to demand that their government release nine iraqis that have been detained for a year now and , in return , the organization vows to release five british hostages that they ve had for several months ."
sen . john mccain s campaign said the republican presidential hopeful has the constitutional right to opt out of the public election funds program .
"in a letter issued monday to the chairman of the federal election committee , mccain s lawyer said the arizona senator has the right to withdraw from the program because it is voluntary and he has not used funds from it ."
"democrats argue mccain used expected funds as collateral to get a multimillion dollar loan last year , but mccain s camp denied that ."
"the national democratic party has filed a formal complaint with election officials , saying mccain is trying to skirt election laws by opting out of the program ."
"he used the possibility of public financing with a bank loan , democratic party chairman howard dean said tuesday on cnn s american morning ."
"but if the fec , which regulates campaign financing , were to side with the democrats , it could severely hurt his campaign , because the public financing system also imposes a spending cap on candidates ."
"pyongyang , north korea cnn the focus is music , but politics is the underscore ."
"the new york philharmonic orchestra performed its historic concert in pyongyang , north korea tuesday night , the first ever performance by a u . s . orchestra in that country ."
"in a country where music like most aspects of life is tightly controlled , the performance carried heavy symbolism ."
"the program opened with the north korean national anthem , followed immediately by the u . s . national anthem , and also includes antonin dvorak s new world symphony and george gershwin s an american in paris ."
"the program also included the late new york philharmonic conductor leonard bernstein s overture to candide performed without a conductor , as if it were bernstein himself before the audience , maazel told them ."
"as the concert drew toward its conclusion , the orchestra performed the folk song , arirang , beloved in both north and south korea ."
"the concert , which was broadcast live on north korean television and radio , was to be the highlight of a hour visit that includes master classes and an open rehearsal for north korean music students , according to the orchestra ."
"on thursday , the philharmonic will perform in seoul , south korea , before returning to the united states ."
"we are here to make music , said lorin maazel , the orchestra s musical director , earlier ."
"but zarin mehta , president of the orchestra , said diplomats from washington and pyongyang both told him the trip should help in normalization of relations between the two nations that have often been at odds ."
part of the agreement for north korea s denuclearization that was announced last year included an increase in cultural exchanges .
the oscars are a ratings dud .
nielsen media research says preliminary ratings for the th annual academy awards telecast are percent lower than the least watched ceremony ever .
"nielsen said monday that overnight ratings are also percent lower than last year , when the departed was named best picture ."
"the least watched oscars ceremony ever was in , when there were million viewers ."
"about , of the , surge troops sent to iraq in will not go home as planned this summer , the pentagon said monday ."
"the transfer of responsibility for detention operations has not progressed as rapidly as we would like to the iraqis , so there s a need to have that force sustained , as well , ham said ."
"president bush ordered nearly , additional troops to iraq in january to pacify baghdad and its surrounding provinces ."
he said top u . s . commanders are debating whether to make further withdrawals after july .
"the u . s . commander in iraq , gen . david petraeus , is scheduled to issue another report on the progress of the war in april , and ham said it would be premature to discuss further withdrawals now ."
critics say the political goals of the surge an iraqi settlement of the nearly year old war have not yet been accomplished .
"deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra will return to thailand from months of exile abroad thursday to fight corruption charges , a pro thaksin web site and one of his lawyers said ."
"the web site posted a picture tuesday of the deposed prime minister with his right hand raised giving the victory sign , along with his son and a crowd of supporters , superimposed over an image of bangkok s international airport ."
it urged supporters to greet thaksin at the airport at a . m . thursday .
poised to return . he said thaksin will surrender to police when he arrives and seek his release on bail .
thaksin was ousted in a september military coup for alleged corruption and abuse of power .
"his diplomatic passport , which was revoked after the coup , was returned to him last week and opened the door for his return ."
"rakkiat wattapong , the supreme court secretary general , monday said thaksin would be detained when he arrives in thailand ."
thaksin was abroad at the time he was ousted and now lives mostly in london .
"after his allies won the december elections and formed a new government , thaksin said he planned to return ."
"london , england cnn four greenpeace activists breached security at heathrow airport on monday to climb on top of a british airways plane and protest plans to build a third runway , the environmental group and airport authorities said ."
"the four activists were atop the airbus a for about an hour and a half before airport security plucked them off in a cherry picker crane and police arrested them , authorities said ."
"greenpeace said it wanted to highlight the environmental damage a third runway will cause , but a heathrow spokesman called the group s actions irresponsible ."
"climate change can be beaten , but not by almost doubling the size of the world s biggest airport , said protester anna jones , ."
greenpeace said it had planned the protest for many months .
"we may have exposed a hole in security at heathrow , but it s not as big as the hole in prime minister gordon brown s climate change policy , said sarah shoraka , , another of the protesters ."
a heathrow spokesman who spoke on condition of anonymity said authorities were investigating the unlawful protest .
wednesday is the deadline for the government s public consultation on whether a third runway should be built .
heathrow is the main airport in britain and one of the biggest in the world .
"but despite its size heathrow has only two runways , and the government and airlines have for years called for the construction of a third ."
"opponents complain of the environmental impact , noise , pollution , and destruction to local property a third runway would create ."
cnn think barack hussein obama has it rough campaigning for president with a name like that ?
"the three men are among dozens of others with equally colorful names who are competing for legislative seats in meghalaya , a remote northeast indian state , on march ."
"there are about seats up for grabs , candidates vying , and no shortage of unusual names ."
"they re reflective of the names here , david r . syiemlieh , professor of history at the north eastern hill university in the capital city of shillong , told cnn on monday ."
meghalaya abode of the clouds is a state of . million people .
it s predominantly christian but hasn t always been .
"when the indigenous tribes first converted to christianity , the locals named their children after the missionaries who preached to them ."
subsequent generations started favoring words and names they were familiar with but didn t have a good understanding of .
but it doesn t mean that they relate to hitler or frankenstein .
"prashant naik , the chief electoral officer of the state , told cnn that a candidate s name matters little to the electorate because so many voters and politicians themselves have peculiar ones ."
"you have australia , you have new zealand , there s even a thailand , naik said . i don t think that should matter in how people vote ."
it certainly hasn t in hitler marak s case .
"he has been elected to public office before , with one of his stints as forestry minister ."
"maybe my parents liked the name and hence christened me hitler , he once told the hindustan times newspaper . i am happy with my name , although i don t have any dictatorial tendencies ."
"longyearbyen , norway cnn a vast underground vault storing millions of seeds from around the world is scheduled to open this week in a mountain on a remote island near the arctic ocean ."
"dubbed the doomsday vault , the seed bank is considered the ultimate safety net for the world s seed collections , protecting them from a wide range of threats including war , natural disasters , lack of funding or simply poor agricultural management ."
"the norwegian government paid to build the vault in a mountainside near longyearbyen , in the remote svalbard islands between norway and the north pole ."
"building began last year , and the vault is scheduled to open officially tuesday ."
"the svalbard global seed vault , as it is officially known , can hold as many as . million seed samples and will eventually house almost every variety of most important food crops in the world , according to the global crop diversity trust , which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds ."
"the united nations founded the trust in to support the long term conservation of crop diversity , and countries and foundations provide the funding ."
"the seed vault is the perfect place for keeping seeds safe for centuries , said cary fowler , executive director of the trust . at these temperatures , seeds for important crops like wheat , barley and peas can last for up to , years ."
the vault sits at the end of a meter yard tunnel blasted inside the mountain .
"workers used a refrigeration system to bring the vault to degrees celsius just below degrees fahrenheit , and a smaller refrigeration system plus the area s natural permafrost and the mountain s thick rock will keep the vault at least c f ."
"the idea for the arctic seed bank dates to the s but only became a possibility after the international treaty on plant genetic resources came into force in , the norwegian government said ."
the treaty provided an international framework for conserving and accessing crop diversity .
svalbard is designed to store duplicates of seeds from seed collections around the world .
"deutschneudorf , germany cnn digging will resume tuesday at a site in the southeastern german town of deutschneudorf , where treasure hunters believe there are almost tons of nazi gold and possibly clues to the whereabouts of the legendary amber room , a prize taken from a russian castle during world war ii ."
"drilling will begin around noon , and we hope to hit the cave , heinz peter haustein , one of the two treasure hunters and a member of germany s parliament , said in a news release ."
"digging was stopped more than a week ago amid safety concerns , as authorities and the treasure hunters feared that the shaft might collapse and that the cave if it is there may be rigged with explosives or poisonous booby traps ."
"at a news conference friday , christian hanisch , the other treasure hunter , said that geological surveying equipment had located a possible cave about feet under the surface containing precious metals that can only be either gold or silver ."
the instruments would not have reacted to any other metal like copper .
"hanisch pointed out that his father , who was a navigator in the luftwaffe , the nazi air force , was one of the troops said to have been involved in hiding art , gold and silver ."
"he said that when his father died , he left coordinates leading to the spot in deutschneudorf . it s not about getting the reward , hanisch said at the site . i just want to know if my father was right and if my instincts were right ."
"haustein , who is paying for the expedition , said he hopes that finding the gold could lead to the amber room , whose interior is made completely of amber and gold ."
"it was looted by the nazis from a castle in st . petersburg , russia , after adolf hitler s forces invaded the soviet union in ."
"the room looked so majestic , many called it the eighth wonder of the world ."
"it disappeared after the war , and today a replica stands in its place in st . petersburg ."
"although parts of the amber room have resurfaced , the vast majority remains missing ."
the new york philharmonic orchestra is preparing to play a historic concert in north korea on tuesday but no word yet on whether leader kim jong il will attend .
"in a country where music like most aspects of life is tightly controlled , symbolism will be heavy in the performance ."
among the tunes on the play list are the star spangled banner and an american in paris
"and in the orchestra , a symbol of north korea s history michelle kim , who was born in south korea to parents who fled from the north ."
"this might not solve the problems with the u . s . politically but it will be in their hearts as something to remember , said assistant concert master kim ."
conductor lorin maazel added i have conducted orchestras in countries where i don t speak the language but i speak the language of music and so do they . we get along instantly .
"tuesday s concert in pyongyang is part of an extended asian concert series that has already taken the orchestra to taiwan , hong kong , shanghai and beijing ."
"the new york philharmonic has performed in cities in countries , including a trip to the former soviet union in ."
"at the time of the announcement , the group said it accepted an invitation from north korea s ministry of culture only after discussing it with the u . s . state department ."
washington cnn the white house said monday it is in constant dialogue with iraq and turkey about the turkish military operation against kurdish rebels in northern iraq .
"white house spokeswoman dana perino said the iraqis are talking with the turks and we think that type of dialogue is important . we are in constant dialogue to make sure this is handled in a way that is narrowly targeted to hit the pkk , to limit or hopefully cause no civilian casualties ."
"the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern iraq ."
turks regard the pkk as terrorists and point to indiscriminate pkk attacks against civilians as well as police and military targets over the years .
turkey has been taking cross border military action against the pkk since the group launched attacks last fall on targets in turkey from bases in iraq s kurdish region .
"turkish forces , backed by the air force , began a ground operation last thursday night against kurdish rebels in northern iraq the first significant turkish ground offensive into iraq since the fall of saddam hussein s regime ."
"while the united states is supportive of turkey s efforts to fight terror , it is concerned that it might generate regional instability ."
"turkish troops in northern iraq were working to take over rebel strongholds and hideouts and render them useless , and to disrupt logistical supply lines ."
"turkey s military said monday that more rebels were killed in the fighting , bringing the militant death toll in its operation to ."
"two more military fatalities were report , bringing that total to ."
"the north koreans haven t seen this many americans since the korean war , but they are pulling out all the stops ."
"for a nation president bush labeled as part of the axis of evil , it was not an impressive sight a dilapidated concrete hulk , built with few resources back in the early s ."
"but it did produce plutonium , enough to make a few bombs and to test fire a nuclear weapon months ago ."
north korea shut down yongbyon last summer under an agreement with the united states and four other nations in the nuclear disarmament negotiations .
we saw the vital nuclear fuel rods being removed and neutralized under feet of water .
and there are american technicians from the department of energy on site helping with all of this . it seems a far cry from the hostility conjured by the axis of evil .
"as we were being shown around yongbyon , the new york philharmonic orchestra was landing in pyongyang , the first time a major u . s . cultural group has visited north korea since the war in the early s ."
"both sides seem to be looking for a less hostile relationship , and as the u . s . nuclear negotiator says , they don t like our words maybe they ll like our music ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kofi annan has threatened to leave as mediator in the tense kenyan power sharing talks if a quick agreement is not reached , a senior aide to former u . n . chief said monday ."
negotiating teams for kenya s government and opposition left the talks after only half a day monday .
sources close to the negotiations said the talks had reached a standstill
"annan , the former u . n . secretary general and chief mediator in the process , expressed displeasure ."
"after four hours of intense negotiation this morning , the team made almost no progress on reaching an agreement on government , annan said in a statement . i had to conclude that they were not capable of resolving the outstanding issues ."
annan met with leaders of both sides monday to implore them to come to an agreement .
"annan on friday asked for both president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga to give their negotiators clear instructions so that we can more swiftly to a conclusion , sources with annan s team said ."
but sources close to the negotiations said there remained definite sticking points to finding a solution .
"sens . hillary clinton and barack obama are in a statistical dead heat in texas , according to a poll released eight days before the state s crucial presidential primary ."
"in the cnn opinion research corp . survey released monday , percent of likely democratic primary voters said obama is their choice for the party s nominee , while percent backed clinton ."
"but taking into account the poll s sampling error of plus or minus . percentage points for democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie ."
"the point gain for obama and the point drop for clinton are both within the poll s sampling error , so although the survey appears to indicate some movement toward obama , we cannot say for certain that he has gained any ground since last week , said cnn polling director keating holland ."
two recent polls by other organizations also show the race statistically even .
"texas and ohio , which both hold primaries march , are considered must win states for clinton ."
"obama has won the past contests and is ahead in the overall battle for delegates , of which are at stake in texas ."
the new survey indicates john mccain is the clear favorite in texas for the republican presidential nomination .
"among likely republican primary voters , percent said the senator from arizona is their choice for nominee ."
"former arkansas gov . mike huckabee won the backing of percent of those questioned , and rep ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id seattle cnn
microsoft corp . said it will stop making hd dvd players for its xbox video game system after toshiba corp . ceded the high definition video format battle to sony corp . s blu ray .
"microsoft msft , fortune said saturday it would continue to provide standard warranty support for its hd dvd players ."
"hd dvd is one of the several ways we offer a high definition experience to consumers , and we will continue to give consumers the choice to enjoy digital distribution of high definition movies and tv shows directly to their living room , along with playback of the dvd movies they already own , blair westlake , a corporate vice president of microsoft s media and entertainment group , said in a written statement ."
"microsoft was one of hd dvd s main backers , along with intel intc , fortune and japanese electronics maker nec corp ."
"but support for the hd dvd waned as major movie studios sony sne pictures , walt disney dis , fortune co . , news corp . s nws , fortune twentieth century fox and warner bros . entertainment picked blu ray to distribute high def dvds ."
"wal mart wmt , fortune stores inc said it would only sell blu ray players and discs ."
"microsoft said it is looking at how the hd dvd technology it has developed , such as hdi ."
the redmond based software maker said the decision to stop selling hd dvd players won t have a material impact on its video game business .
"seoul , south korea cnn hard charging former businessman lee myung bak took the oath of office as south korea s new president monday , vowing to revitalize the economy , strengthen relations with the u . s . and deal with nuclear armed north korea ."
"economic revival is our most urgent task , lee said in his inauguration speech ."
"lee also vowed to boost ties with the united states and called for summits with north korea as needed , according to an advance copy of the speech ."
"a decade of liberal rule that critics say hindered economic growth , was too soft on communist north korea and fomented tension with traditional close ally washington ."
"officials and ordinary citizens attended the inauguration in near freezing temperatures , along with foreign dignitaries including secretary of state condoleezza rice and japanese prime minister yasuo fukuda ."
"lee , the th man to be south korea s president and the first to come from a business background , overwhelmingly won december s election on a promise to make the economy his top priority ."
"he calls this his pledge , meant to evoke a soaring jumbo jet ."
"lee , , says he will slash regulations , initiate tax reforms , streamline government and draw in more foreign investment ."
"south korea s economy grew . percent last year and percent the year before , but lee says it has underperformed ."
"though lee has vowed to broadly continue seoul s policy of detente with the north , he says he will maintain a more critical eye ."
his liberal predecessors roh moo hyun and kim dae jung gave unconditional aid and concessions as part of reconciliation efforts .
"lee says if leader kim jong il abandons his nuclear programs , the south will launch massive investment and aid projects in the impoverished north to increase its per capita income to , ."
lee also said he will bolster seoul s strategic ties with the u . s . to help resolve the nuclear issue .
police found the body of a woman on the doorstep .
"inside , they found the bodies of a year old boy and two girls , ages and . officers also found the body of a man with a shotgun beneath him ."
police did not immediately know the motive for the shootings or the relationship of the victims .
"the teenager who called was hospitalized in stable condition , rodriguez said ."
"it is an extreme shock to this community , rodriguez told radio station knx am ."
"yorba linda is a bedroom community in orange county , miles southeast of los angeles ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn the pakistan people s party , which swept the parliamentary elections last week on sunday called for an end to military operations in the southwestern pakistani province where intelligence officials believe taliban leaders may be holed up ."
"in a resolution issued sunday after a meeting of top leaders , the ppp called on the army to immediately stop its operation in balochistan , a province near the afghan border ."
"the party also asked that all prisoners , be released and said it would work toward giving maximum provincial autonomy to the area ."
"the ppp on behalf of the people of pakistan apologizes to the people of the province of balochistan for the atrocities and injustices committed against them and pledges to embark on a new highway of healing and mutual respect , the party said in a news release ."
"militants in balochistan , a province rich in natural gas , have been fighting pakistani military forces for self rule ."
"for years , they have complained that the government has paid little attention to them and their economic needs ."
"more recently , the province has seen an influx of afghan refugees ."
and the afghan government believes that key taliban leaders may be hiding among them .
"earlier this month , pakistani security forces shot and wounded a well known taliban operative , mansoor dadullah , there ."
the ppp is expected to lead the new pakistani government after gaining the most number of seats in parliamentary elections held february .
party leader asif ali zardari the widower of slain former prime minister benazir bhutto had said earlier that a new government would take a more reconciliatory approach toward the militants fighting for greater autonomy .
"the coens also won best director and best adapted screenplay , and javier bardem , who played killer anton chigurh , won best supporting actor ."
daniel day lewis won best actor for his performance as a misanthropic oilman in there will be blood .
"my deepest thanks to the members of the academy for whacking me with the handsomest bludgeon in town , day lewis said as he accepted the award ."
"as he accepted his first oscar , bardem , one of spain s top actors , thanked his directors ."
french actress marion cotillard won her first academy award for her portrayal of singer edith piaf in la vie en rose .
"in a highly competitive race , tilda swinton nabbed the best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal as lawyer karen crowder in the legal drama michael clayton ."
the academy awards opened with host jon stewart joking about the writers strike that ended last week .
"stewart , who is hosting the academy awards for the second time , and his writing staff had been rushed even more than usual this year because of the recently concluded writers strike ."
"among the eight nominations for no country for old men , the coens had four ."
"blood also had eight nominations , and day lewis performance as daniel plainview won the best actor oscar ."
"juno is the only best picture nominee to top million at the box office , ensuring it a rooting interest from moviegoers ."
"ellen page has received plaudits for her performance as the title character , and screenwriter diablo cody famously a former stripper has become one of hollywood s it scribes ."
cnn japan launched a rocket saturday carrying a satellite that will test new technology that promises to deliver super high speed internet service to homes and businesses around the world .
the rocket carrying the winds satellite a joint project of the japan aerospace exploration agency jaxa and mitsubishi heavy industries lifted off its pad at p . m . gmt .
"if the technology proves successful , subscribers with small dishes will connect to the internet at speeds many times faster than what is now available over residential cable or dsl services ."
the associated press said the satellite would offer speeds of up to . gigabytes per second .
"the service initially would focus on the asia pacific region close to japan , a jaxa news release said ."
"among other uses , this will make possible great advances in telemedicine , which will bring high quality medical treatment to remote areas , and in distance education , connecting students and teachers separated by great distances , jaxa said ."
the rocket was launched from japan s yoshinobu launch complex at the tanegashima space center .
"london , england cnn the world s first biofuel powered commercial aircraft touched down in amsterdam on sunday following a demonstration flight from london s heathrow airport hailed as a first step towards cleaner flying ."
the virgin atlantic boeing flight was part of a joint initiative with planemaker boeing and engine manufacturer ge aviation to develop a sustainable aircraft fuel .
no passengers were onboard .
virgin atlantic president richard branson said the test flight would help the airline to use clean fuel sooner than expected .
"the demonstration flight will give us crucial knowledge that we can use to dramatically reduce our carbon footprint , branson said in a statement ."
virgin group pledged to invest all its profits from its transportation companies towards developing clean energy and with this breakthrough we are well down the path to achieving our goals .
some studies suggest that converting land for crops such as palm oil used for biofuel can generate far more in carbon emissions than the savings delivered by the fuel .
"increased use of biofuels could also prompt food shortages , campaigners warn , as greater areas of farmland are turned over to biofuel production ."
if virgin was really serious about reducing the aviation industry s impact on the environment it would support calls for aircraft emissions to be included in the uk government s climate change bill .
washington cnn hundreds of pro serbian activists gathered sunday outside the white house to decry kosovo s secession from serbia this month and to demand the bush administration retract its recognition of kosovo as an independent country . shame on bush !
"chanted members of the kosovo relief committee and the group stop terrorizing orthodox people , who marched with serbian flags and signs that read kosovo a threat , not a country ."
rally organizers charged the bush administration ignored international law by recognizing kosovo s secession and warned separatist movements in other countries would attempt to declare independence themselves .
"also on sunday , the u . s . ambassador to serbia called on the country s leaders to do more to protect foreign diplomatic missions ."
"i m very angry at what happened , ambassador cameron munter said of the attack on the u . s . embassy in belgrade ."
"protesters smashed windows and set fire to part of the building , the associated press reported ."
"it had better not happen again , said munter ."
"in addition to the u . s . embassy , protesters attacked other western interests including the embassies of britain and germany , as well as a mcdonald s restaurant and nike shop ."
"on saturday , serbian authorities said they had arrested nearly rioters who took part in the violence ."
"serbia s minister slobodan samardzic said saturday that the united states which backed kosovo s breakaway and was among the first countries to recognize its secession was the main culprit for the violence , ap reported ."
"meanwhile , up to , serbian protesters gathered sunday in the ethnically divided northern kosovo town of mitrovica as protests continued one week since kosovo s break from belgrade , ap said ."
u . n . police in riot gear had formed a cordon across the main bridge separating the tense town s serb and ethnic albanian sides .
"serbs also staged anti independence rallies on sunday in geneva , switzerland , vienna , austria , and other european capitals ."
"washington cnn ralph nader is entering the presidential race as an independent , he announced sunday , saying it is time for a jeffersonian revolution ."
"and i want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country , he told reporters after an appearance announcing his candidacy on nbc s meet the press ."
"asked why he should be president , the longtime consumer advocate said , because i got things done ."
"he cited a year record , which he said includes saving millions of lives , bringing about stricter protection for food and water and fighting corporate control over washington ."
"nader s decision , which did not come as a surprise to political watchers , marks his fourth straight white house bid fifth if his write in campaign is included ."
the two contenders for the democratic nomination were quick to pounce .
"he thought that there was no difference between al gore and george bush and , eight years later , i think people realize that ralph did not know what he was talking about , sen . barack obama said a town hall meeting sunday ."
nader was criticized by some democrats in for allegedly pulling away support from democrat al gore and helping george bush win the white house .
"noting that he ran on the green party ticket that year , clinton said nader prevented al gore from being the greenest president we could have had ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber killed at least shiite pilgrims and wounded others sunday as the pilgrims made their way to karbala to commemorate one of the holiest days of the shiite calendar , the interior ministry said ."
"women and children were among the casualties , the official said . most of those killed or wounded were pilgrims ."
"it marked the second deadly attack on pilgrims sunday , the official said ."
"the bomber detonated an explosive vest in iskandariya about p . m . while the pilgrims were en route to karbala for al arbaeen , the official said ."
"earlier sunday , militants armed with guns and grenades attacked a group of pilgrims in southern baghdad , killing three people and wounding more than others , officials said ."
"the wounded included two police officers , the ministry said ."
iraqi officials had expected problems for pilgrims and issued a ban on carts in baghdad on friday .
"every year , thousands of pilgrims amass in karbala for al arbaeen , which commemorates the end of a day mourning period for imam hussein , the grandson of the prophet mohammed ."
"he died in battle in the th century , and is buried in karbala , about miles southwest of baghdad ."
karbala s main holy site is the gold domed imam hussein shrine .
"havana , cuba cnn fidel castro s nearly five decades of rule ended sunday when cuba s national assembly chose his younger brother raul to be the country s new president ."
"the lawmakers selection , which had been widely expected , came five days after fidel castro , , announced his resignation in a letter published in the state run newspaper granma ."
"in his address to the national assembly , the year old raul castro proposed that we consult fidel on important decisions ."
the members of the legislative body passed that motion unanimously .
"the lawmakers also announced that jose ramon machado , a man of raul castro s generation , had been elected first vice president of the council of state , despite the expectation of some that the post would go to someone younger ."
"juan almeida bosque , abelardo colomi ibarra , carlos lage davila , esteban lazo hernandez and julio casas regueiro were elected as the council s other vice presidents , according to granma ."
"in his letter of resignation published in the newspaper , he cited his critical health condition and said , it would be a betrayal to my conscience to accept a responsibility requiring more mobility and dedication than i am physically able to offer ."
"turkish troops backed by air support attacked kurdish rebels thursday in northern iraq , the turkish military said ."
"at least suspected kurd militants were killed , the turkish military reported , adding it suffered casualties ."
the incursion against the kurdistan workers party pkk in iraq began around p . m . thursday .
"the turkish armed forces , which values iraq s territorial integrity and its stability , will return as soon as planned goals are achieved , the military said ."
the pkk has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey .
"a pakistani television station was abruptly shut down friday , after it allowed two broadcasters who had been banned by the government to appear on air , a station official said ."
"talat hussain , executive director of news and current affairs for aaj tv , said pakistani president pervez musharraf disapproved of the journalists ."
"musharraf s spokesman , maj . gen . rashid qureshi , said he was unaware of the incident and would contact the pakistan electronic media regulatory authority about the suspension of transmission ."
"aaj tv was taken off the air at p . m . a . m . et , hussain said . it was not known when the station could resume operations . instead of programming , viewers are greeted with the message"
"dear users , please note pakistan electronic media regulatory authority pemra temporarily suspended transmission of independent news tv channels till further instructions ."
hussain said the regulatory authority had called aaj tv and warned the station against allowing the broadcasters on the air .
the journalists were identified as nusrat javed and mushtaq minaz .
"musharraf suspended javed from broadcasting earlier this month because of critical comments he made about the president , according to the pakistani web site , pk politics ."
it was not immediately known why minaz was banned .
the british parliament passed legislation on thursday that the government needs to make northern rock plc the first sizable british bank to be nationalized in years .
news of an emergency loan to the struggling northern rock from the bank of england last september had triggered the first run on a british bank in more than a century .
"on thursday night , the house of commons approved the nationalization legislation by a margin of votes ."
"the bill then went back to the house of lords , where its legislators first rejected three provisions of the bill ."
"the lords had wanted an independent audit of the bank s accounts within three months , followed by annual checks ."
"the nationalization plan has caused a political and public backlash in britain , despite prime minister gordon brown s assertion that state control is the best option for taxpayers who have already funded subsidies to northern rock to the tune of billion pounds billion billion ."
seattle cnn starbucks corp . said thursday it has laid off about support staff who worked at the coffee retailer s headquarters and in field operations and will leave about open jobs unfilled .
"chairman and chief executive howard schultz announced the job reduction in an e mail to starbucks more than , employees , calling it a difficult decision aimed at sharpening the company s focus on customers ."
"unfortunately , we have not been organized in a manner that allowed us to have a laser focus on the customer ."
"the vast majority of laid off employees worked in the u . s . about one third at the company s seattle headquarters and the rest in regional field offices . support staff include people who work on marketing , finance , human resources , communications and supply chain management ."
"none of the cuts include baristas or store managers , and none of the jobs being left open include store employees or district managers who oversee store operations , the company said ."
"starbucks , which has been struggling amid a faltering economy , its own rapid growth and increased competition from cheaper rivals , also said it will replace its east and west divisions with four new ones"
"nairobi , kenya cnn feuding kenyan political parties are close to a deal that could help end recent post election violence , according to mediators in the settlement talks ."
"i m beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel , kofi annan , former u . n . secretary general and chief mediator in the process , said thursday ."
"the political parties who are trying to broker a power sharing arrangement were able to outline a joint proposal that had been largely agreed on the governance structure , according to a statement released to cnn ."
foreign minister moses wetangula told cnn we have made tremendous progress and we have considerably narrowed our differences between the two parties . reaching a conclusion is very close .
a derailment of discussions is not an option available to both sides .
the political deal could help end a spate of violence that has occurred in the country since a disputed election in december .
"the death toll has reach about , lives and has left thousands displaced since the election ."
officials from both sides said the negotiations have centered around the creation of the post of prime minister .
both sides have agreed in principle to create the post but not agreed on how much power a new prime minister will have .
"for a new prime minister post to be created , kenya s constitution would have to be changed ."
they have also agreed to set up an independent committee to investigate irregularities in the december election and suggest reforms .
"toronto , ontario cnn canada s conservative government says the country s troops will leave southern afghanistan in ."
the compromise with the opposition liberals lessens the likelihood of an early national election .
the liberals have said one of their conditions for extending the mission is that it ends in .
the conservatives initially said they would review the mission then .
prime minister stephen harper unveiled the new motion on thursday . harper is under pressure to withdraw canada s troops from afghanistan after the deaths of soldiers and a diplomat .
the mission is set to expire in unless lawmakers extend it .
"support for the extension is conditional on nato providing more troops and equipment to back up canadian forces in the south , the former taliban stronghold ."
"the security alert rose from level , which had been in effect since the start of the train bombings trial last year , to level the maximum alert , the interior ministry said ."
"maximum alert means police will be backed by the armed forces in patrolling transport hubs , shopping areas , sporting events , landmark buildings , the headquarters of the political parties and their campaign events , and other potential terrorist targets , the ministry said ."
"the coordinated bombings on four morning commuter trains killed people and wounded more than , on march , , just three days before the last general elections ."
"a trial that began in february ended with convictions last october against defendants , including about a dozen islamic extremists for their roles in the attacks and also some spaniards convicted of supplying explosives used in the bombings ."
"the interior ministry has activated the maximum alert to fully guarantee security for citizens during the campaign process that concludes with the elections on march , an interior ministry statement said ."
"in switching to maximum alert , spanish authorities have not spoken publicly of other specific targets , but they point out that al qaeda statements regularly mention spain , among other countries , as a target ."
"socialist prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero won an upset victory in after the train bombings and quickly fulfilled his campaign pledge to withdraw spain s troops from the u . s . backed coalition in iraq , which many saw as a reason why spain had become a target for islamic terrorism ."
the two week campaign begins officially at midnight friday .
"but chen didn t identify the women in the photos , which appear to show chen and several female stars including singer gillian chung and actress cecilia cheung either performing sex acts or in sexually suggestive poses ."
"these photos were very private and have not been shown to people and were never intended to be shown to anyone , chen said at a press conference , adding that the photos were stolen from him and distributed without his approval ."
hong kong police have already arrested several people in connection to the photos .
"london , england cnn british foreign secretary david miliband said thursday that british territory was used to transport two suspects in the cia s rendition program ."
the british government previously had said it played no part in the program .
the foreign secretary said thursday s revelations were the result of new information the united states gave to britain last friday .
the u . s . state department said it regretted britain was given wrong information and called it an administrative error .
state department spokesman sean mccormack said we express regret that we initially provided inaccurate information to a good friend and ally .
"miliband told the house of commons that two flights , each carrying a u . s . detainee , refueled in in diego garcia , a british territory in the indian ocean ."
miliband said the u . s . government had assured britain that no u . s . detainees were ever held on diego garcia .
"he said the planes only refueled at the u . s . facility on the island , and the detainees never left the plane ."
he said a u . s . investigation showed no record of any other rendition through diego garcia or any other uk territory since then .
"then prime minister tony blair assured the government s intelligence and security committee last march that the united states had never rendered any detainees through the uk or its overseas territories since sept . , ."
"miliband said the government had a deep disappointment about the late news of the rendition flights , but he said britain believed the united states acted in good faith when it made the initial assurances that no flights had taken place ."
sens . hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois will face off in a democratic presidential debate in austin thursday .
"the debate , to be held on the campus of the university of texas , will air live on cnn , cnn international and cnn . com from to p . m . et ."
"for both candidates , a great deal is at stake . this is the first time in three weeks that the two remaining major democratic white house hopefuls have debated ."
"a lot has changed since the two debated in hollywood , california , on january ."
"just five days later , clinton and obama both scored big victories on super tuesday , splitting two dozen contests from coast to coast ."
"but then obama went on a winning streak , capturing straight contests , including tuesday s primary in wisconsin and caucuses in hawaii ."
"texas is the biggest prize that day , with democratic delegates up for grabs ."
"with so much at stake , clinton needs a very strong performance in thursday s debate , the only time the two candidates will share the same stage in texas before the state s primary ."
"she has to raise doubts about obama and get democrats to rethink whether they really want to rally behind him , cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said ."
"he s riding a winning streak and leads clinton by more than pledged delegates , but he faces some challenges in texas , a state with a large latino population . clinton s done quite well with such voters so far this primary season ."
"the debate broadcast in spanish on univision is his chance to break through that firewall , schneider said ."
the company wants to make it easier for developers to create software that work with its products .
"the redmond , washington based software company said thursday it will ensure open connections to its high volume products by publishing technical information about them on its web site ."
"with thursday s announcement , microsoft is hoping to make it easier for software developers to make products that work well with the vista computer operating system , office word processing application and other key microsoft products ."
google inc . has been successful in encouraging developers to make add ons for google s maps and other popular services .
google is increasingly challenging microsoft s dominance in software products .
the eu said in a statement thursday it has seen four other similar statements in the past from the world s largest software maker .
the eu also said it would welcome any move toward genuine interoperability . and regulators added they ll continue to check if microsoft is complying with antitrust rules .
"at least people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday ."
"authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century ."
"civil defense officials said more than , families have been affected ."
"os north of guayaquil was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected , civil defense officials said ."
"in los r iacute os province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn thursday ."
"a newborn boy , his parents , a doctor and a driver were killed ."
streets also were flooded in the capital of quito .
"on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered , members of the army and the police to help rescue workers ."
correa increased by million the million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts .
"cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply ."
"in some towns , high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate , medina said ."
uefa have been urged to investigate a laser beam incident involving manchester united s cristiano ronaldo .
the portugal winger was left dazzled before the draw against lyon in the champions league on wednesday .
carlos tevez came off the bench to equalise three minutes from time after nani s cross caused confusion in the lyon defense .
united would now appear to be in the driving seat for a place in quarterfinals with the teams due to meet in the second leg at old trafford .
but the french club could be subject to an investigation before then by european football s governing body over one of their supporters aiming a laser at ronaldo .
we reported the matter to uefa before the game . we noticed it in the warm up and they uefa are aware of it .
a spokesman for uefa indicated they required more information from referee luis medina cantalejo and match delegate jan damgaard before commenting further .
"we have a whole range of different disciplinary measures , beginning with a warning , then fines and so on , the spokesman added ."
the new york times was criticized thursday not only for claims in a story about sen . john mccain s relationship with a lobbyist but also for its use of unnamed sources .
"the newspaper reported on its web site wednesday and in its print edition thursday that aides to mccain s presidential campaign were so worried about the relationship they confronted mccain and the lobbyist , vicki iseman ."
"also , some mccain advisers were concerned the relationship had become romantic , the newspaper reported ."
"mccain s senior campaign adviser , charlie black , called the newspaper s report a smear campaign ."
"look , this is a simple case of the largest liberal newspaper in america trying to run a smear campaign against the integrity of the new conservative republican nominee for president , he said ."
"they do it by printing false rumors and gossip unsourced , black said ."
"mccain s lawyer , robert bennett , attacked the premise of the story ."
"i think they went with the story before they had the evidence , bennett said during an appearance on cnn . if you really analyze the story it s like a big piece of cotton candy ."
"on thursday , mccain denied having a close relationship with iseman and said he was very disappointed in the new york times piece , it s not true ."
the times issued a statement thursday saying it stands by its reporting and that the story speaks for itself .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn two leading figures in pakistani politics said thursday their parties will work together in the national parliament after scoring big wins in elections earlier this week ."
"former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif and asif ali zardari , the husband of slain former prime minister benazir bhutto , called the deal a national consensus and said it would extend into provincial assemblies ."
zardari said thursday that he and sharif intend to stay together in parliament .
"a spokesman for musharraf has said the president is willing to work with other political parties , but zardari said musharraf s input is not welcome ."
and sharif asked sarcastically
"parliamentary elections took place monday , and even though formal results have not been announced , it was clear from preliminary election commission results that bhutto s pakistan people s party , now headed by zardari , and sharif s pakistan muslim league n dominated ."
"if the two leading opposition parties can fold smaller groups and independent candidates into their coalition , they could gain the two thirds majority in parliament needed to impeach musharraf ."
the election result has also raised questions for the u . s . which considers musharraf an ally in its war on terror .
"washington , so far , does not know what emphasis the new parliament will place on counterterror , especially as many pakistanis disapproved of the way musharraf has used the war on terror to explain many of his unpopular moves ."
"angry demonstrators protesting kosovo s independence from serbia attacked the u . s . embassy in belgrade on thursday , throwing rocks , breaking windows and setting fires ."
"serbian tv showed someone trying to set fire to the u . s . flag at the embassy , which was closed and unstaffed when the masked protesters attacked ."
riot police fired tear gas at the rioters and lines of armored vehicles were on the streets before the embassy perimeter was secured .
a state department official told cnn things are under control .
kosovo declared independence last sunday and the united states was among the first countries to offer official recognition of its split from serbia .
"one charred body believed to be a protester was found in the u . s . embassy compound , embassy spokesman in belgrade william wanlund said ."
"the only americans at the embassy during the violence were marines , who are all said to be accounted for ."
"bratislaw grubacic , chief editor of vip magazine in belgrade , said police reported people injured , including police officers . teresa gould , a translator for belgrade tv , said the croatian embassy next door also was attacked ."
"smaller groups attacked police posts outside the turkish and british embassies in another part of the city but were beaten back , the associated press reported ."
"on thursday , italy became the latest european nation to recognize kosovo s sovereignty , ap reported ."
"russia and china continue to oppose kosovo s declaration of independence while spain has expressed concern that recognition will give momentum to secessionist movements in other countries , such as the basques in northern spain ."
carlos tevez stepped off the bench to grab a late equalizer for manchester united in their champions league knock out round first leg match with lyon in france .
tevez ghosted in at the far post to grab a draw after karim benzema had opened the scoring for the french champions with a superb individual effort .
"but the argentine s th minute goal will give united confidence going into the return leg at old trafford in two weeks , as they seek to reach the quarterfinals of the competition they won in ."
ryan giggs returned to the united side to make his th champions league appearance and was named captain after being rested for saturday s fa cup victory was against arsenal .
"cristiano ronaldo , owen hargreaves and paul scholes were also back in the starting line up against a lyon team who have won the french title six seasons in a row ."
"wayne rooney was employed as the solitary striker , with tevez starting the game as one of the substitutes ."
the year old striker had his back to goal when toulalan played the ball through .
"there seemed little on , but benzema turned quickly and got between ferdinand and nemanja vidic before stealing the shot into the corner ."
ferguson decided to switch things around four minutes later and brought on nani and tevez for giggs and scholes .
united had more attacking options as they went in search of the equaliser .
"investigators in japan are investigating a second reported sexual assault connected to the u . s . military , police said thursday ."
investigators said they are looking into allegations that a member of the u . s . army raped a filipino woman on the island of okinawa .
"last week , police detained a u . s . marine in the alleged rape of a year old girl on okinawa a case that has stirred outrage across japan ."
"it was not immediately clear whether the suspect in the second case was a soldier or a civilian employee at the military s sprawling base in southern japan , where tens of thousands of troops are based ."
the u . s . army said commanders are aware of the second allegation and are looking into it .
"prime minister yasuo fukuda condemned the alleged incident as unforgivable , and the u . s . military confined troops to their bases or off base homes for a period of reflection as of wednesday morning , except for work , worship , school or medical appointments , according to a news release from camp butler on okinawa ."
the u . s . military said it formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident .
"beijing cnn spongebob squarepants , mickey mouse and pokemon are officially persona non grata on chinese prime time ."
china is extending a ban that virtually locks out all foreign cartoons from airing between p . m . to p . m . in a bid to protect its fledgling domestic cartoon industry .
"according to a new ruling wednesday by the state administration of radio , film and television , no foreign cartoons or programs introducing foreign cartoons can be shown during the golden hours on all domestic cartoon channels and children channels starting may ."
"the move is intended to help spur the domestic cartoon industry , the agency said ."
"only domestic cartoons approved by sarft are allowed to be aired , according to the regulations ."
"in recent years , a huge influx of foreign cartoons , especially from japan , have flooded the airwaves , becoming highly popular with chinese children ."
recent regulations have been aimed at allowing the country s struggling animation studios space to compete .
"washington cnn russia has clamped down on human rights watch , refusing its executive director , kenneth roth , a visa to travel to moscow , following a page report on russia s suppression of free speech ."
roth was to release the report in moscow .
"in a statement on the new york based human rights watch web site , roth said that new russian rules block dissent and interfere with the work of nongovernmental organizations , or ngos ."
"with the new rules , ngos live under a looming threat of harassment , said roth . and this is a serious threat to freedom of expression in russia ."
u . s . state department sean mccormack on wednesday called the prevention of roth from traveling to russia a very unfortunate incident .
"russia and any country that aspires to the pathway to democracy can only benefit from free , open and peaceful airing of views regardless of whether they are supportive . . . or whether it s critical of the government and its policies , mccormack said ."
"the incident coincided with suggestions by russian president vladimir putin s likely successor dmitry medvedev that foreign ngos and the british council , an international cultural body funded by the british government spy on russia , the associated press reported ."
"in an interview with the weekly itogi , medvedev suggested supporting russian actions that led the british council to suspend operations at its offices in st . petersburg and yekaterinburg , ap reported ."
"darwin , australia cnn east timor president jose ramos horta was slowly being returned to consciousness by doctors who have kept him sedated since he was shot in an assassination attempt last week , his spokesman said thursday ."
"ramos horta has undergone surgery five times since the february shooting in dili , the east timorese capital , and has been heavily sedated at a hospital in northern australia to help him stay still and avoid pain ."
"suspected rebels shot ramos horta , a nobel peace prize laureate , near his home on february ."
"doctors are pleased with the progress of his recovery and were allowing him to regain consciousness , said luke gosling , a ramos horta aide who is with him in darwin ."
"he is slowly waking up , said gosling . he has started saying a few words to close family ."
"cnn a dutch tourist says she recently spotted missing year old madeleine mccann at a french restaurant near montpellier , mccann family spokesman clarence mitchell said wednesday ."
"the tourist said she recognized madeleine from the many media reports about the child s may disappearance and may have even seen the well publicized defect in the little girl s eye , mitchell said ."
"she and a friend saw a child that they immediately took to be madeleine , said mitchell . they actually called out her name ."
"a man who was with the child scooped the child up and took her out of the cafe before the girls could take a photograph with their mobile phones , he said ."
mitchell said there is a surveillance tape of the girl in the l arche restaurant and madeleine s parents are hoping to be able to use it to determine if it is their missing daughter .
"but the associated press , quoting an unnamed police official , is reporting that investigators have determined it was not the missing child ."
"police watched the closed circuit video footage , and despite the child looking like madeleine , it was not her , said the official , who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case ."
"her parents , who were vacationing with her in portugal , have said she disappeared from their room at a resort while they dined in a nearby restaurant ."
"despite a global search and the attention of celebrities like virgin chairman richard branson , author j . k . rowling and soccer star david beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case ."
"london , england cnn amy winehouse and paul mccartney set their recent troubles aside to steal the show wednesday at the brit awards , the british music industry s most prestigious prizes ."
rockers foo fighters and british bands take that and arctic monkeys were all double winners at britain s equivalent of the grammys .
"winehouse , , has had a tumultuous months since she was named best female british act at last year s brits ."
"she won five grammys earlier this month a rare high point in a year of erratic behavior , canceled concerts , tabloid headlines and a spell in drug rehab ."
"mccartney , who has spent the last week in court trying to settle his acrimonious divorce from heather mills , closed the show with a crowd pleasing medley of hits , including hey jude and live and let die a song he co wrote with his deceased first wife linda ."
i just think british music is the best .
grown up boy band take that took the british single of the year prize for its song shine and also was named best live act .
the spiky pop quartet arctic monkeys was named british group of the year and also took the british album of the year prize for favourite worst nightmare .
"the show , hosted by rock elder statesman ozzy osbourne and his family , was largely free of surprises ."
"most winners are selected by a vote of more than , industry members , including representatives from record companies , the media , retailers , record producers , disc jockeys and promoters ."
"the british single , british breakthrough act and british live act prizes are decided by public phone or online voting ."
"oil futures rallied again wednesday , pushing briefly past a barrel after the u . s . federal reserve lowered its forecast for economic growth this year , convincing energy investors that the central bank will slash interest rates further ."
"the fed said damage from the housing slump and problems in the credit markets will slow economic growth to between . percent and percent this year , down from a previous forecast for gdp growth of between . percent and . percent ."
oil investors can interpret such news in one of two ways
"on wednesday , they definitively chose the latter view ."
"the fed was . . . the catalyst to get us going here , said phil flynn , an analyst at alaron trading corp . in chicago ."
"the contract for march delivery of light sweet crude , which was expiring later wednesday , rose cents to settle at a record . on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising as high as . , a new trading record ."
"in london , april brent crude fell cents to settle at . a barrel on the ice futures exchange ."
"los angeles , california cnn a judge put the brakes on britney spears driving without a license case wednesday after her lawyers said they don t believe the troubled pop star is capable of resolving the matter ."
"the attorneys also don t believe spears , , is capable of giving a deposition or signed declaration , flanagan said ."
"earlier this month , a judge placed spears under the conservatorship of her father and an attorney after more than a year of increasingly bizarre behavior by the singer ."
"spears hit a parked car on august , , and left without notifying the owner ."
"she was originally cited for hit and run and driving without a license , but the hit and run charge was dropped ."
an interim report issued wednesday by independent board members of the french bank societe generale has concluded that a trader working alone was responsible for amassing trading losses that exceeded . billion .
"the author of the fraud started taking his non authorized , directional positions in and for small amounts , but in an important manner beginning in march of , the report said , adding that the bank did not become aware of events until late last month ."
"last week , kerviel s lawyer said the bank must have known about and condoned his deals ."
kerviel has been charged with abuse of confidence and illegal use of computers for his role in the losses but has not been charged with fraud .
he faces up to three years in prison .
"in addition to a criminal investigation , there are ongoing investigations by the french banking regulatory commission and french senate finance committee ."
societe generale stockholders also have filed suit against the bank .
"washington cnn u . s . navy gunners in the pacific were watching the sea and sky wednesday , waiting for perfect conditions to take a kill shot on an errant satellite miles above them ."
"they have just a second window to fire , a pentagon official said , and may not be able to take their shot on their first opportunity at p . m . et wednesday a . m . gmt thursday ."
the cruiser uss lake erie will get one second window each of the next nine or days to fire an interceptor missile that will destroy the faltering spy satellite before it can tumble to earth and possibly release a cloud of toxic gas .
"the pentagon said the window of opportunity to strike the , pound satellite opened wednesday , when the space shuttle atlantis landed in florida ."
the pentagon wanted to be sure the shuttle would not be struck by any debris from a destroyed satellite .
"but the official said conditions have to be perfect , and that was not the case wednesday with swells in the pacific ocean west of hawaii running slightly higher than navy would like ."
cnn meteorologist chad myers said six to eight foot swells were reported in the area through wednesday night and were not expected to come down until friday or saturday .
"the mehdi army cease fire that has been credited with helping to reduce violence in iraq since august could end soon , a spokesman for the radical cleric who heads the shiite militia said wednesday ."
"if muqtada al sadr doesn t issue a statement by saturday extending the cease fire , the freeze will be over sunday , said sheikh salah al obeidi , a spokesman for the cleric ."
"speaking from najaf , the shiite holy city in southern iraq , al obeidi said the message has been conveyed to mehdi army members across the war ravaged nation ."
"although the u . s . military has not had contact with al sadr , it is encouraging the cleric to continue the cease fire , saying it would be a productive and positive step in rebuilding iraq , said rear adm . gregory smith , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad ."
news of al sadr s impending directive came as smith expressed concern that shiite militants from the iranian backed special groups had staged deadly attacks in baghdad this week .
"on august , al sadr called for a temporary suspension of mehdi army activity , including attacks on police and rival factions ."
"at the time , he said the six month suspension would allow his militia to be restructured ."
"the cease fire followed bloody battles between al sadr s militia and fighters from the badr organization , the armed wing of the rival supreme islamic council of iraq , headed by abdul aziz al hakim . more than people were killed and scores were injured in the skirmishes in karbala , baghdad and babil province ."
cnn the commander of nato forces in kosovo said wednesday he does not plan to step up security in the tense north despite violent attacks by kosovo serb which forced the temporary closure of two boundary crossings between kosovo and serbia .
united nations officials described the violence as a one time incident and said the situation wednesday was calm .
"groups of kosovo serbs attacked the two boundary crossings tuesday , setting fire to buildings and cars , unmik united nations mission in kosovo officials said ."
the crossings are along the administrative boundary line between kosovo and serbia .
"the u . n . special representative to kosovo , joachim ruecker , said the attacks were unacceptable ."
ruecker said the united nations was talking with leaders in northern kosovo to discuss the violence .
"over the past hours , the situation has been calm and quiet in kosovo , unmik spokesman alexander ivanko said ."
"of course we have police patrols and kfor is patrolling all over kosovo , but we still expect the situation to continue to be normal ."
"a spokeswoman for kfor , nato s mission in kosovo , said kosovo s border with serbia remained open except for the two crossing points attacked tuesday ."
lt . col . valerie claire bermond said the two crossing points were closed while kfor rebuilt the installations destroyed in the attacks .
they were reopened wednesday .
the husband of assassinated benazir bhutto has called for a government of national unity but failed to say how it would work with president pervez musharraf .
"asif ali zardari , co chair of the pakistan people s party , made his comments as u . s . president bush said he hoped the new pakistan government would be friends of the united states ."
"zardari , bhutto s widower , is also scheduled thursday to meet nawaz sharif , whose own party came second in monday s election ."
ppp senator mian raza rabbani said coalition options would be discussed with sharif but the ppp will not talk to musharraf s parliamentary allies .
i think the democratic forces of the world will stand with pakistan and democracy .
the people of pakistan have spoken and the parliament will be functional and every decision and every relationship will be according to the parliament and the democratic forces of pakistan .
"although the parliamentary elections do not directly affect musharraf , the poor showing of his allies is widely seen as dissatisfaction with his rule and has raised questions about whether he can stay on as president ."
"a u . s . official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said wednesday the elections cast doubt on musharraf s future , but said it was too early to know whether musharraf will remain president ."
the commission says the ppp people s party led by benazir bhutto until her assassination in december has received seats for the seat national assembly .
"sharif s pakistan muslim league n party has , and the pml q party , which backs musharraf , received seats ."
"a smattering of small parties won seats , and other seats for women and for minorities are to be assigned according to the percentages each party gained in the election ."
david pizarro and alessandro mancini were on target as as roma recovered to take a lead over real madrid in their champions league knockout round first leg clash on tuesday .
real captain raul stunned the stadio olimpico with an early goal but the hosts held their nerve to hit back and they take a vital lead to spain in two weeks time .
brazilian winger mancini crossed from the left and the ball eventually broke to pizarro whose effort from the edge of the box deflected off the gago and over casillas into the net after minutes . totti had been largely quiet but on
minutes he sprang to life to create a goal for mancini who rounded casillas before squeezing the ball home from a tight angle .
with minutes to play real coach bernd schuster made a double change bringing dutchman royston drenthe and brazilian julio baptista on for robben and mahamadou diarra .
"tokyo , japan cnn the u . s . military imposed tight restrictions on all personnel in okinawa wednesday , limiting troops to bases , places of work or off base housing , amid a furor over the arrest of a marine on suspicion of rape ."
"the restriction , which tightens a midnight curfew for enlisted personnel on the southern japanese island , started early wednesday and was indefinite , the u . s . forces japan said in a statement ."
"the arrest last week of year old staff sgt . tyrone luther hadnott in the alleged rape of a year old girl in okinawa has sparked outrage in japan , which is host to some , u . s . troops under a security treaty ."
"the marine admitted to investigators that he forced the girl down and kissed her , but"
the tensions have been compounded in recent days by allegations of additional less serious crimes by american troops .
japanese leaders have deplored the behavior and accused the u . s . military of lax discipline .
the japanese government lauded the move .
"the government welcomes the decision by the u . s . military to take strict measures , the foreign ministry said in a statement ."
japan plans to have close consultations with the u . s . for appropriate prevention measures for a mid and long term to be taken by the u . s . side .
"the new restrictions ban military personnel from leaving their bases except for official business , work , worship or travel to and from off base housing ."
"this period of reflection will allow commanders and all service members an opportunity to further review procedures and orders that govern the discipline and conduct of all u . s . service members serving in okinawa , the military statement read ."
u . s . ambassador thomas schieffer traveled to okinawa last week to express his sadness over the alleged rape .
"singapore cnn singapore airlines said tuesday an a superjumbo flight was canceled due to a fuel pump defect , the first major technical glitch to ground the world s largest passenger jet ."
the carrier said the fuel pump problem was detected when the plane s engine was started ahead of departure monday night on a flight from singapore to sydney .
"airbus and our own engineers have dedicated teams to try to address these issues quickly , but last night s fuel pump defect took much longer to fix , singapore airlines said in an e mailed statement to the associated press ."
"the airline said it had to switch to using a boeing , which seats fewer people than the airbus jet , because a replacement of the fuel pump failed to solve the problem ."
the company s second a could not be used as it was undergoing maintenance .
"sens . barack obama and john mccain will win in wisconsin , cnn projects ."
the victory marks the ninth consecutive win for obama over rival hillary clinton since a split decision on super tuesday two weeks ago .
"the change we seek is still months and miles away , obama said tuesday night in houston , texas . it is going to take more than big rallies ."
it is going to require more than rousing speeches . . . it is going to require something more because the problem that we face in america today is not the lack of good ideas .
"it s that washington has become a place where good ideas go to die , he said ."
"obama and clinton have turned their attention to ohio and texas , which hold contests on march . early voting began in texas on tuesday ."
"in the republican race , wisconsin gives mccain at least more delegates"
more delegates are to be awarded to the winner of each congressional district .
"as obama has emerged as the front runner in the democratic race , mccain has increasingly directed criticism toward him ."
"i will fight every moment of every day in this campaign to make sure americans are not deceived by an eloquent but empty call for change , mccain told supporters tuesday night ."
"our purpose is to keep this blessed country free , safe , prosperous and proud , mccain said ."
"mccain is the presumptive nominee for his party , but he must pick up , delegates to seal the nomination ."
cnn estimates mccain has gathered delegates .
"while the arizona senator leads by a wide margin in the delegate count , former arkansas gov . mike huckabee has said he intends to stay in the race ."
"we see the last stand only when somebody has , delegates , huckabee said tuesday ."
southeast asian countries told myanmar barring pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi from elections because she once was married to a foreigner would be odd and not in keeping with the times .
"however , the association of southeast asian nations , the region s main political and economic bloc , which includes myanmar , is powerless to do anything , singapore foreign minister george yeo said late tuesday ."
"asean ministers met , as a government panel in military ruled myanmar on tuesday completed writing the draft of a new constitution ."
"guidelines used to draft the new charter bar nobel laureate suu kyi from national office because she was married to a foreigner her late british husband , michael aris and enjoyed the privileges of a foreign national ."
government critics have called the constitutional process undemocratic because it has been closely directed by the military with no input from independent parties .
authorities have said the new charter would lead to a general election in and replace one scrapped when the current junta took power in .
"moscow , russia cnn natalia bessmertnova , a soviet era prima ballerina who danced with the bolshoi ballet for decades , died tuesday , a spokeswoman for the ballet said ."
"bessmertnova died at a moscow hospital after suffering from a grave illness , yekaterina novikova said , but she would not specify the cause of death ."
russian media reported that bessmertnova had kidney trouble .
"bessmertnova was a top dancer at the bolshoi from until , the year she and other performers staged a one night strike after the ballet s longtime artistic director yuri grigorovich , her husband , quit during a dispute with management amid plans for his replacement ."
their refusal to perform romeo and juliet prompted the first cancellation in the ballet s history of more than two centuries .
"in addition to juliet , bessmertnova also danced the leading female roles giselle , ivan the terrible , the angara and the golden age ."
"bolshoi director anatoly iksanov called bessmertnova s death a huge loss for the bolshoi theater and to our whole culture , the itar tass news agency said ."
"the bolshoi theater mourns the death of the outstanding ballerina , one of the world s most celebrated giselles , the theater said on its web site ."
bessmertnova was born in moscow to a doctor and a homemaker .
"she showed an early interest in dance and soon displayed talent to match , joining the bolshoi immediately after graduating from the theater s developmental school ."
she was named a people s artist of the u . s . s . r . in and was a laureate of the soviet union s lenin prize and state prize .
she was a gold medalist at the prestigious varna international ballet competition in and was awarded france s pavlova prize in .
"in recent years , bessmertnova had worked with grigorovich on projects such as the benois de la danse prize , for which he served as chairman of the jury ."
"a funeral service , open to the public , will be held friday at the bolshoi , the theater said ."
"seward , alaska cnn there are thousands of glaciers in alaska , and seeing some up close will surely be a highlight of any trip you might be planning to the th state this summer ."
"you can see glaciers from the deck of a ship , paddling in a canoe , by floatplane or helicopter , or by driving and hiking to a park ."
most alaska cruises include a day at sea sailing past glaciers .
"this is a regular part of your cruise , so you don t pay extra and you don t have to sign up for anything ."
you ll likely see the glaciers calving where sections of them crack and float away or crumble into the sea .
"anytime you have a glacier exiting into a lake or body of water , there is the prospect that it will calve , said roman motyka , an associate professor of geology and geophysics at the university of alaska in fairbanks ."
"but as the climate has warmed , glaciers have melted and become thinner and more susceptible to calving ."
there are numerous options for seeing glaciers by helicopter or small plane .
typically you ll get a terrific view from the air and then land on the glacier .
be prepared for sticker shock .
"booking on your own , glacier flightseeing tours with sled dog rides run nearly less if you skip the dog ride through alaska flightseeing tours of juneau or alpine air alaska in girdwood or godwin glacier dogsled tours in seward ."
flightseeing tours may be cancelled if the weather is bad .
"in addition to mendenhall in juneau , there are several alaska glaciers that are easy for tourists to drive and hike to , including portage glacier south of anchorage , matanuksa glacier near the glenn highway two hours east of anchorage , and exit glacier near seward ."
"last summer almost , people visited mendenhall ."
it s just miles by car or cab from downtown juneau .
"a city bus drops you off a mile from the park visitor center , or take a shuttle or tour bus right into the park ."
it s worth visiting a glacier like mendenhall or exit by land even if you re also going flightseeing .
"by catamaran , canoe and other small vessels"
"phillips cruises and tours offers a glaciers in one day tour aboard a high speed catamaran from whittier , miles southeast of anchorage , to see glaciers in prince william sound ."
alaska railroad offers a canoe adventure to spencer glacier in spencer lake aboard a passenger canoe .
the lake is a short train ride from anchorage and you get to walk on the glacier .
"from juneau , you can approach mendenhall glacier by kayak or canoe through alaska travel adventures ."
"the trips take between three and four hours , with two hours in the water"
cnn angry serbs torched checkpoints between serbia and kosovo and triggered explosions tuesday to protest kosovo s independence declaration and international recognition of the breakaway state .
"border crossings in northern kosovo , staffed by u . n . and kosovo s multiethnic police and customs service , were set on fire by kosovo serbs as a symbol of their desire to rejoin serbia ."
"the u . s . and some european union nations were among the first to recognize kosovo s sovereignty , but other world powers including russia and china have opposed the secession , warning of a return to conflict in the region ."
"u . s . president george w . bush on tuesday justified recognizing kosovo as an independent nation , saying that doing so will bring peace to a region scarred by war ."
"history will prove this to be a correct move to bring peace to the balkans , he told reporters in dar es salaam , tanzania ."
"the declaration by kosovo s government on sunday sparked widespread celebration from its majority of ethnic albanians , but its minority serb population still generally wants to be part of serbia ."
"in the northern kosovo town of mitrovica , divided between serbs and ethnic albanians , tensions have continued to mount ."
the u . s . move to recognize kosovo as an independent nation prompted serbia to pull its ambassador to the united states and warn other countries that recognize kosovo that diplomatic action would be taken .
"tours of duty for u . s . soldiers in iraq may be cut from months to if current improvements in security hold up , the u . s . commander in iraq said tuesday ."
"gen . david petraeus said the move could be announced around the time of his next scheduled report to congress on the progress of the war , in april ."
"i think the army will be able to make an announcement later this spring , petraeus told cnn . we have had discussions about that , and some time around the time of the testimony , i think that the army can lay out tour lengths that will be back to what was normal ."
petraeus comments came the same day that a survey of military officers was published saying the iraq war has strained u . s . forces to the point where they could not fight another large scale war .
the survey was published in foreign policy magazine and the center for a new american security .
"defense secretary robert gates ordered army deployments to iraq and afghanistan extended from a year to months last april , a move aimed at keeping current force levels in the war zones for another year ."
"but gen . george casey , the chief of staff of the army , told a congressional committee in september that the extended deployments are not sustainable and had left the service out of balance ."
petraeus is expected to remain as the top u . s . officer in iraq until president bush leaves office in january almost a two year tour in a still fragile country .
the united states is withdrawing five combat brigades dispatched last year to iraq to pacify the iraqi capital and its surrounding provinces .
"in an exclusive interview at his baghdad headquarters , petraeus told cnn he will recommend halting further withdrawals after july but he insisted more troops will be coming home from the nearly year old war ."
it s about the pace and the tempo and size of those reductions over time .
"cnn police have recovered two of the four impressionist paintings stolen earlier this month in a daring museum heist , police in zurich , switzerland said tuesday ."
"the monet and van gogh oil paintings were in good condition , police said , and the search continued for the other two a cezanne and a degas ."
"it was not clear how long the car , an opel omega with stolen license plates , had been parked on the lot , police said ."
"the two paintings , worth about million francs million , are in good condition and are still protected by the original glass covering , police said in a statement ."
three masked men stole the four paintings in what police called a spectacular heist feb . at the e . g . buhrle collection among the finest collections of impressionist and post impressionist art in the world .
the paintings recovered monday are monet s poppies near vetheuil and van gogh s blossoming chestnut branches .
still missing are degas count lepic and his daughters and cezanne s boy in a red vest .
the four paintings are worth a total of about million million swiss francs .
"a reward of , , swiss francs has been posted for information leading to the return of the paintings , police said ."
"a zurich police task force , which includes an art expert , had received tips from around the world , police said ."
there was no single driver behind oil s sharp price jump
"investors seized on an explosion at a , barrel per day refinery in texas , the falling dollar , the possibility that opec may cut production next month , and continuing tensions between the u . s . and venezuela ."
"gasoline and heating oil prices in the u . s . appeared to be leading the advance , rising faster in percentage terms than oil due to the explosion monday at alon usa s big spring , texas , refinery , which could be shuttered for two months ."
"the refinery fire in texas is making people a little concerned , said michael lynch , president of strategic energy economic research inc . in amherst , mass ."
it was the first time since january that oil had been above .
"washington cnn the u . s . embargo on cuba will remain in place despite fidel castro s announcement that he s resigning as cuba s leader , deputy secretary of state john negroponte said tuesday ."
"asked whether castro s resignation would change u . s . policy , negroponte said , i can t imagine that happening any time soon ."
president bush said the move should spark a democratic transition for the communist island nation .
"the international community should work with the cuban people to begin to build institutions that are necessary for democracy and eventually this transition ought to lead to free and fair elections , bush said at a news conference in rwanda during his five nation tour of africa ."
the united states will help the people of cuba realize the blessings of liberty .
"castro said he was stepping down tuesday as president of cuba and commander in chief of its military , according to a letter published in the country s state run newspaper , granma ."
"the united states and cuba , which have no formal diplomatic relations , have been at odds for decades , but tensions between the two countries have increased in the past two years ."
"the bush administration has tightened the four decades old u . s . embargo on the island , curtailed visits home by cuban americans and limited the amount of money cuban americans can send to relatives ."
the united states also has been working on plans for a post castro cuba .
a report by the commission for assistance to a free cuba laid out the framework for washington s possible response in the event of castro s incapacitation or death .
response could include tens of millions of dollars in humanitarian and economic aid but might also be dependent on a transitional government that s committed to democracy .
castro transferred powers to his brother ra uacute l after receiving treatment for intestinal problems in .
l castro is considered more pragmatic than his older brother but hasn t shown any inclination to invite the united states to launch a full scale democratic push and overhaul of the country s institutions .
washington cnn the supreme court refused tuesday to offer help to hurricane katrina victims who want their insurance companies to pay for flood damage to their homes and businesses .
the justices rejected appeals from xavier university and other individuals and businesses seeking to allow their lawsuits against the insurers to go forward .
"xavier asked the court to step in after the th u . s . circuit court of appeals ruled that the policies did not cover damage from floods , even those that resulted from man made failures such as the collapsed levees in new orleans ."
other cases working their way through state courts have so far reached differing conclusions .
a louisiana appeals court has said that language excluding water damage from some insurance policies was ambiguous .
the louisiana supreme court will hear arguments in that case on february .
xavier and the other plaintiffs had asked the federal court to allow the state supreme court to rule on their suits as well .
the th circuit refused and the u . s . high court upheld that ruling on tuesday .
democratic rivals barack obama and hillary clinton offered up their solutions for fixing the subprime mortgage crisis as people in wisconsin braved the single digit weather to cast their votes .
"the democratic contenders , speaking in states that hold critical primaries march , were already looking ahead of the democratic primary in wisconsin the biggest of the three states up for grabs tuesday ."
"clinton told an audience in the cleveland suburb of parma , ohio , that more needs to be done to aid cities . i think we have to think more creatively . we can t just do the same things over and over again , the new york senator said ."
"in san antonio , texas , obama said predatory lenders who are now in financial trouble spent millions lobbying congress , and some contributed heavily to bush s campaign ."
he called the situation an outrage .
"it didn t have to be this way . for some time we d been warned that the problems in the housing market could spill into other corners of the economy , obama said in his opening remarks ."
"and yet rather than stop it from happening , george bush s washington was an enabler , caving in to lobbyists and letting our economy go down a dangerous road ."
"clinton and obama were running a tight race for the democratic nomination , while on the republican side , presumptive nominee sen . john mccain was hoping voters could help him finally knock his last major rival out of the race ."
mccain said he was guardedly optimistic about tuesday s wisconsin primary .
"i think i can appeal not only to our republican base , but to independent voters , mccain told reporters after a rally in the milwaukee suburb of brookfield ."
"in addition to wisconsin , washington state and hawaii were holding contests tuesday ."
"obama also was looking for a win in the hawaii democratic caucuses , the state where the illinois senator was born and still has family ."
"obama leads clinton in the overall delegate count , to , , according to cnn estimates ."
"the estimate includes the support of superdelegates , the party officials and elected officials who are free to vote for any candidate at the party s national convention ."
"the ruling party of pakistan s pervez musharraf admitted defeat in parliamentary elections tuesday , and one senior opposition leader said it was now time for the president to step down ."
"nawaz sharif , who was ousted from power in musharraf s bloodless coup in , was one of the winners from monday s election ."
"his pakistan muslim league n party was coming second having won seats , with only a few results still to be confirmed ."
"only the pakistan people s party of former prime minister benazir bhutto , who was assassinated in the run up to the elections , won more national assembly seat so far ."
the musharraf allied pakistan muslim league q had won seats in preliminary results at a . m . wednesday p . m . tuesday .
he has closed his eyes . he has said before that he would go when the people want him to do so and now the people have given their verdict .
"sharif , like bhutto , returned from exile late last year to compete in the elections ."
the two big opposition parties if they form a coalition and get the support of smaller groups and independent candidates could gain the two thirds majority in parliament needed to impeach musharraf .
"thousands of ecstatic pakistanis , waving placards and singing , took to the streets tuesday as the results began trickling in ."
"we concede and congratulate the people who have won the elections , mushahid syed hussain , general secretary of the pakistan muslim league q , told cnn ."
"shahar peer became the first israeli to compete in a wta tour event in the gulf arab region monday , defeating slovenia s andreja klepac to reach the second round in the qatar open ."
"peer and klepac played before about spectators . despite the empty stands , peer was pleased with the reception ."
peer was barred from playing in doha for two years when she underwent military training .
the government prevented her from competing in countries that do not have diplomatic relations with israel .
peer visited shopping areas in doha and ate at a moroccan restaurant with tournament director ayman azmy .
she said she discussed the situation with israeli and tour officials before deciding to compete in the tournament .
"also , officials in israel said there is no problem to play in qatar . i have been provided proper security by the organizers , so i feel fine being here ."
"the six gulf arab countries , all u . s . allies , do not recognize israel , but qatar maintains low level ties to the jewish state ."
"cnn fidel castro announced his resignation as president of cuba and commander in chief of cuba s military on tuesday , according to a letter published in the state run newspaper , granma ."
"castro , , temporarily handed power to his younger brother raul castro in july after undergoing intestinal surgery ."
"in december , a cuban television news anchor read a letter reportedly written by fidel castro promising he would not cling to office or be an impediment to rising young leaders ."
"castro reigned in havana with an iron hand , defying a punishing u . s . economic embargo designed to dislodge him ."
"castro received treatment for intestinal problems in and transferred many powers to his brother , raul , who is generally seen as more pragmatic and has been less inclined to deliver the kind of long winded speeches for which his brother is famous ."
"in miami , florida , the news came as no surprise to janisset rivero , the executive director of cuban democratic directorate , a group that works with dissidents in cuba ."
"cnn former first lady nancy reagan was taken to a suburban los angeles hospital as a precaution sunday after a fall at her home , an aide said ."
"the year old reagan will remain overnight for observation at a hospital in santa monica , california , said joanne drake , chief of staff for the reagan foundation ."
her office said the former first lady was in good spirits .
"she is doing well and is visiting with friends in her room , drake said in a written statement issued sunday night ."
drake told the associated press that reagan is staying in the same room where former president ronald reagan stayed after he broke his hip at home in .
"reagan is the widow of former president ronald reagan , whose administration is revered by the current republican party ."
"washington cnn amtrak passengers will be subjected to random screening of their carry on bags as part of a new security initiative that will include armed officers and bomb sniffing dogs patrolling platforms and trains , an amtrak spokeswoman said monday ."
"details of the new effort , which were first reported by the associated press , will be announced tuesday , the spokeswoman , tracey connell , said ."
"unlike airlines , amtrak has had few visible changes to security since the september , , terrorist attacks , but in recent years trains have been the targets of terrorism ."
"in , bombings of commuter trains in madrid , spain , killed people ."
"a series of bombings in london in , most of them on subway trains , killed people ."
and security experts have long pointed out the vulnerabilities associated with rail travel and the difficulty in securing trains .
"amtrak chief executive alex kummant told ap the new measures are not a response to a new or different specific threat , but rather , he said , just the correct step to take ."
amtrak plans to roll out the new mobile security teams on the northeast corridor between washington and boston .
"the transportation security administration , which already conducts sporadic deployments of security teams , called vipr teams , to train stations around the country , welcomed the amtrak initiative ."
"anytime security is enhanced , we are very supportive tsa spokesman christopher white said ."
"beijing , china cnn an explosion at an illegal mine disguised as a wild boar farm killed people , a chinese government news agency reported tuesday ."
"the explosion in wu an city in the northern hebei province happened on sunday ,"
"more than people were initially trapped after the explosion , the agency reported . a rescue operation lasted until just after midnight on tuesday , according to the news agency ."
"five of the survivors were injured and were in stable condition at a hospital , xinhua said ."
"the explosion happened at a tunnel whose entrance is located in a pigpen at the farm , the agency said . the cause was not immediately known ."
"china s mining industry is the most dangerous in the world , averaging deaths a day from fires , explosions and floods ."
"the u . s . navy will likely attempt to shoot down a faulty spy satellite thursday , the day after the space shuttle atlantis is scheduled to land , two officials told cnn monday ."
"because the , pound satellite malfunctioned immediately after launch in december , it has a full tank of fuel ."
the navy plans to fire at the satellite as it enters earth s atmosphere at an altitude of about miles .
officials want the missile to hit the edge of the atmosphere to ensure debris re enters and burns up quickly .
the missile defense agency estimated the cost of a sea based attempted intercept at million to million .
"without any intervention , pentagon officials have said they believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march ."
"the option of striking the satellite with a missile launched from an aegis cruiser was decided upon by president bush after consultation with several government and military officials and aerospace experts , said deputy national security adviser james jeffrey ."
nasa administrator michael griffin said there s nothing the military can do to make the outcome worse .
"if we shoot and barely touch it , the satellite is just barely in orbit and would still burn up somewhat in the atmosphere , griffin said ."
"if we shoot and get a direct hit , that s a clean kill and we re in good shape , he added ."
"a cyclone with sustained winds of mph swept across madagascar on sunday , knocking out power in some areas and making damage assessment difficult . no one has been able to get there yet ."
care workers hoped to take a helicopter over the hardest hit areas later monday . young said bad weather prevented an earlier flyover .
"young said information has trickled out about the storm , including one assessment from a man who rode out on a motorbike ."
he told care officials that roads were impassable by car and that there was heavy damage .
young said many people in the country of . million live in huts .
"the huts are not very strong , he said . the houses are made of local materials ."
"washington cnn a frog the size of a bowling ball , with heavy armor and teeth , lived among dinosaurs millions of years ago intimidating enough that scientists who unearthed its fossils dubbed the beast beelzebufo , or devil toad ."
"yet it seems to be a close relative of normal sized frogs who today live half a world away in south america , challenging assumptions about ancient geography ."
"the discovery , led by paleontologist david krause at new york s stony brook university , was published monday by the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences ."
"this frog , if it has the same habits as its living relatives in south america , was quite voracious , krause said . it s even conceivable that it could have taken down some hatchling dinosaurs ."
"krause began finding fragments of abnormally large frog bones in madagascar , off the coast of africa , in ."
"they dated back to the late cretaceous period , roughly million years ago , in an area where krause also was finding dinosaur and crocodile fossils ."
"but only recently did krause s team assemble enough frog bones to piece together what the creature would have looked like , and weighed ."
"the largest living frog , the goliath frog of west africa , can reach pounds ."
but krause teamed with fossil frog experts from university college london to determine that beelzebufo isn t related to other african frogs .
"it seems to be a relative of south american horned frogs , known scientifically as ceratophrys ."
"popular as pets , they re sometimes called pacman frogs for their huge mouths ."
"like those modern frogs , beelzebufo had a wide mouth and powerful jaws , plus teeth ."
"skull bones were extremely thick , with ridges and grooves characteristic of some type of armor or protective shield ."
"the name comes from the greek word for devil , beelzebub , and latin for toad , bufo pronounced boo foe ."
"beijing , china cnn china s inflation accelerated in january to . percent its highest rate in years after devastating snowstorms worsened food shortages , setting back government efforts to cool rising prices , according to data reported tuesday ."
economists are warning that inflation could rise further in coming months due to food shortages and high costs for coal and other industrial materials before easing later in the year .
"january s sharp rise in consumer prices was driven by an . percent hike in food costs from the same period a year ago , the national bureau of statistics reported on its web site ."
the inflation surge could complicate government efforts to keep the fast growing economy from overheating .
"new delhi , india cnn the brother of a man accused of being the mastermind in a kidney transplant scheme has been arrested by india s elite police force ."
"india s central bureau of investigation arrested jeevan rawat , who is being accused of assisting his brother amit kumar in a kidney buying , selling and stealing scheme ."
"it follows friday s arrest of a delhi police officer on corruption charges in the case , along with six other officers who have been named but not arrested ."
a delhi police official said the officers are accused taking bribes from and turning a blind eye to the kidney selling ring that spanned more than a decade .
"police arrested inspector ravinder kumar singh for allegedly accepting almost , dollars from the ring to release one of its doctors only days before a raid that unveiled the international kidney selling racket ."
investigators said upendra kumar was the person freed after the officer was paid off .
upendra was later captured and police said he confessed to being a close aid of amit kumar .
kumar was on the run for two weeks before being captured in neighboring nepal .
"upendra kumar , amit kumar and jeevan rawat are accused of buying , coercing , or stealing kidney s from poor uneducated laborers in order to sell them to foreigners or wealthy indians who wanted kidney transplants ."
"cnn if a shooter came into some of the biggest classrooms at the university of california berkeley , recent graduate scott alto wonders whether students would be able to protect themselves ."
"alto said some of the big lecture room doors don t have locks and others open out to the hallway on the berkeley campus , something he thinks leaves students on campus vulnerable to an attack ."
"in some of these rooms at berkeley , that just wouldn t be possible ."
"after the shooting at northern illinois university last week , students on campuses across the country are wondering whether they are safe ."
some students say they want the administration to install security features such as extra cameras and metal detectors .
others are calling on them to fix broken blue emergency lights .
"some students , professors and campus police officers argue a person determined to kill cannot be stopped , but say they are doing everything they can to put a proper security system in place ."
"liann casey of miami , florida , florida international university"
"at my old school , university of miami , they have blue light poles distributed all throughout the campus with emergency phones directly linked to the campus police ."
they claim that the police will be there within minutes of your call .
"at orientations and events , the campus police regularly set up a table to promote campus safety and gave away pens with emergency numbers on them . help never seemed far away ."
"elizabeth fitzgerald of boulder , colorado , university of colorado boulder"
the whole blue light system is a joke here .
blue lights with buttons on them to dispense the authorities to the area are strategically planted around campus for students to utilize in an emergency . the locations are insane .
most of the time they are in a place in which an attack would probably never happen because it is off a major campus road or by major dorms . . . places where there are always people at all hours of the night .
"in the legitimate dark corners of campus , you find a blue light once in a blue moon ."
it s better than nothing . . . but it s such a weak attempt at security .
"joseph riedel of washington , american university i attend american university in washington , d . c ."
i generally feel pretty safe on our campus .
"our school has taken some pretty aggressive measures in recent years , such as installing emergency call boxes around campus , live monitoring surveillance cameras in parking lots , and frequent security checks around campus at night ."
"london , england cnn the father of princess diana s boyfriend attacked the british royal family monday with a series of insults and accusations at the inquest looking into how the couple died ."
"mohamed al fayed , father of dodi , repeated his allegations of a massive cover up involving the royal family , paparazzi and for the first time diana s sister . he has previously included british intelligence services in the alleged plot ."
"al fayed , who spent most of the day in the witness box , let out a torrent of allegations that members of the royal family were racist ."
"he has previously blamed prince philip for the deaths , insisting that the royal family couldn t bear the prospect of a muslim marrying the princess ."
"diana suffered for years from this dracula family , al fayed said monday ."
"al fayed , owner of london s famed harrods department store , began his testimony by reading a statement saying diana told him in july , the month before the crash , that she feared for her life ."
"he said diana told him her ex husband prince charles , and the queen s husband prince philip , wanted to get rid of her ."
"for the first time al fayed implicated diana s sister , lady sarah mccorquodale , in the alleged cover up ."
"he said he spoke to her about the wooden box after the crash , but the fact that the contents were later stolen is evidence that she tried to conceal them , he said ."
"al fayed has previously said that diana was pregnant with dodi s child at the time of the crash , although british and french police investigations into the crash have discounted this ."
"at the inquest , al fayed testified that diana and dodi were engaged and planned an announcement the monday after the crash ."
"video provided to cnn shows an al qaeda in iraq firing squad executing one time allies fellow sunni extremists who were not loyal enough to the terror organization , coalition military analysts said ."
"in the video provided by coalition military officials , armed men wearing masks are shown standing behind nine kneeling men , all of whom are wearing blindfolds or hoods with their hands presumably tied behind their backs ."
"al qaeda in iraq , which is foreign led and foreign dominated here inside iraq , is killing off other sunni groups that are certainly not supportive of the government of iraq , currently , or of the foreign occupation , but are not sharing the same ideology that al qaeda in iraq has , rear adm . gregory smith said ."
"the video was recovered late last year during a raid on a compound near samarra that was being used for killing and torture , a coalition official said ."
"a number of documents some found in the same raid bolster the coalition notion that al qaeda in iraq is waging a violent campaign against its former allies , intelligence analysts said ."
"samarra is the site of a february attack on al askariya mosque , revered by shiites ."
"the attack set off a wave of sectarian violence between shiites and sunnis , who were suspected of perpetrating the attack ."
"the northern iraqi city lies in salaheddin province , one of four provinces where coalition forces have beefed up operations against sunni militants ."
"villiers le bel , france cnn more than , police raided housing projects outside paris early monday , detaining over people in a bid to find rioters who led an outburst of violence last year , police said ."
"police raided villiers le bel and three neighboring towns as part of the investigation into november riots , police said ."
"violence erupted in the town s housing projects , populated largely by families of immigrant background , after two teenage boys were killed in a motorbike crash with a police car ."
police and local officials said it was an accident but many residents were unconvinced .
"some of president nicolas sarkozy s rivals condemned the raids as a bid to look tough on security ahead of next month s municipal election , noting that the media was alerted in advance to the operation ."
the action comes just after sarkozy announced a sweeping plan to better integrate poor suburban youth and tackle the racism they often face in the job market .
"marie therese de givry , prosecutor in the regional seat of pontoise , said people were arrested , raising the number from about cited earlier by police ."
"most of those detained had been known to police , mainly for previous violence , according to police ."
delinquents and drug traffickers may have been among those arrested .
political rivals of the government criticized the magnitude of the raid and the advance alert for the media .
"when cameras accompany massive police operations in an electoral period , i think it s a way to influence opinion , to scare , said segolene royal , sarkozy s former socialist rival for the presidency , calling the raid a spectacle ."
similarities between the words of sen . barack obama and massachusetts gov . deval patrick have raised eyebrows and attracted traffic on youtube .
"a central passage in a speech obama gave saturday aimed at convincing voters that his campaign is not just about lofty rhetoric is adapted from one that patrick used in his campaign , the obama campaign said when asked about it ."
"the controversy is lost on the massachusetts governor , who endorsed obama ."
obama s campaign had patrick call the new york times over the weekend and issue a statement .
senator obama and i are long time friends and allies .
"we often share ideas about politics , policy and language , patrick said in the statement ."
"the argument in question , on the value of words in the public square , is one about which he and i have spoken frequently before ."
"they often riff off one another . they share a world view , axelrod told the times about obama and patrick . both of them are effective speakers whose words tend to get requoted and arguments tend to be embraced widely ."
"responding to attacks from democratic rival sen . hillary clinton that he offers words while she offers action , obama has been arguing that words matter ."
"just words . we hold these truths to be self evident , that all men are created equal ."
"we have nothing to fear but fear itself . just words , just speeches !"
"cnn the united states officially recognized kosovo the balkan province which split from serbia on sunday as an independent nation on monday , secretary of state condoleezza rice said in a written statement ."
"in response , serbia ordered its ambassador to the united states to return home , the serbian embassy said ."
tadic asked the u . n . security council to annul the declaration of independence .
"i m asking this question of you because if you cast a blind eye to this illegal act , who guarantees to you that parts of your countries will not declare independence in the same way ?"
european union nations monday were also starting to individually recognize kosovo as the world s newest nation but had not agreed collectively on the way forward .
uk prime minister gordon brown said britain will now formally recognize kosovo as an independent sovereign state .
"france said it would recognize kosovo , and is in the process of confirming that in writing . germany indicated its support would come ."
"but other eu nations including greece , spain and romania have signaled that they would not follow suit amid concerns about the precedent that such a move would set ."
two pro russian separatist provinces in georgia south ossetia and abkhazia were looking to use kosovo s move to help them declare their own independence .
but the u . s . and eu say that kosovo s move is not the precursor for a wave of declarations of independence .
president bush has responded affirmatively to a request from kosovo to establish diplomatic relations between our two countries .
"the unusual combination of factors found in the kosovo situation including the context of yugoslavia s breakup , the history of ethnic cleansing and crimes against civilians in kosovo , and the extended period of u . n . administration are not found elsewhere and therefore make kosovo a special case ."
kosovo cannot be seen as a precedent for any other situation in the world today .
"hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois is a statistical dead heat in texas , which holds primaries march ."
"in the survey , out monday , percent of likely democratic primary voters support clinton as their choice for the party s nominee , with percent backing obama ."
"but taking into account the poll s sampling error of plus or minus percentage points for democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie ."
"one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , says cnn polling director keating holland ."
"likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they don t see a lot of difference between them on several top issues ."
"roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama ."
many political strategists and analysts consider texas and ohio which also holds a march primary must win states for clinton .
"obama has won the past eight contests and is now ahead in the overall battle for delegates , of which are at stake in texas ."
results from pakistan s first parliamentary elections in six years are trickling in after an election day held with relatively little violence and so far no overt signs of tampering .
"in the first three counts to finish , the provincial assembly seat in baluchistan went to the pakistan people s party the party of assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto while two independent candidates won seats from the northern tribal areas , said chief election commissioner qazi muhammad farooq ."
"incomplete returns showed the ppp running strong in its traditional provincial strongholds of sindh and baluchistan , pakistani television reported ."
"and the pakistan muslim league n , led by former prime minister nawaz sharif , was reported leading in the cities of rawalpindi and lahore ."
"sharif was overthrown in the coup that brought president pervez musharraf to power like bhutto , he returned from exile late last year ."
another parties fielded candidates in the race .
election officials say final official returns were not expected for two more days .
"though voters are choosing a parliament , the ballot is also a referendum on musharraf , whose political survival hangs in the balance ."
"musharraf said monday that whatever the result , we will accept it with grace ."
"if either of two main opposition parties win a two thirds majority in parliament , they could take steps to impeach musharraf . that also could happen if the opposition parties together capture two thirds of the seats in parliament and then form a coalition ."
"abu dhabi , united arab emirates cnn a license plate with nothing but the number on it went for a record million at a charity auction saturday ."
the oil rich uae began auctioning off vanity license plates last may .
"ordinary automobile license plates issued to drivers here and even most other vanity series plates carry both arabic and western numerals and script , defining the issuing city and country ."
"proceeds from the auctions , which are held in a lavish hotel here , go to a rehabilitation center for victims of traffic accidents ."
"on saturday , license plates were auctioned off in all , raising a total of million ."
the previous five such events raised more than million .
"prague , czech republic cnn czech president vaclav klaus has been narrowly re elected to a five year term , officials said friday ."
klaus got the support of deputies and senators in the third round of voting at a joint session of the upper and lower chamber of the czech legislature .
"his challenger , u . s . based economist jan svejnar , finished second with votes ."
"a third candidate , jana bobosikova , was nominated by the communist party but dropped out of the race shortly before the voting began , citing lack of support ."
"i will be the president of all czech citizens , klaus said after his narrow victory ."
"klaus got votes mainly from the ruling civic democratic party and its coalition partner , the christian democrats ."
"cnn emergency crews have rescued chinese crew members whose boat began taking on water off the northern philippines sunday night , the state run chinese news agency reported ."
"the crew members were rescued after their panamanian registered cargo ship started to sink , the xinhua news agency reported monday ."
"a passing japanese vessel picked up the crew members , but the ship s captain and a technician remained aboard to try to rescue goods , the news agency said ."
"their fate is unknown , the news agency said ."
the philippine coast guard told cnn that the boat sunk around p . m . sunday gmt .
"houston , texas cnn military plans to shoot down a damaged u . s . spy satellite carrying toxic fuel will not concern the crew aboard the international space station , commander peggy whitson said saturday ."
the military hopes to smash the satellite as soon as next week just before it enters earth s atmosphere with a missile fired from a navy cruiser in the northern pacific ocean .
it was unclear how close the satellite will be to the space station when it is shot down .
"whitson , russian cosmonaut yuri malenchenko and french astronaut leopold eyharts will still be in orbit miles above earth when the satellite is targeted ."
the satellite will be about miles up when the shot is fired .
"so , no , we re not worried about it , whitson said in a news conference with the person shuttle station crew ."
atlantis and its seven astronauts will be safely back on earth before the pentagon takes aim .
"left alone , the satellite would be expected to hit earth during the first week of march ."
military and administration officials said the satellite is carrying fuel called hydrazine that could injure or even kill people who are near it when it hits the ground .
"it lost power and its central computer failed almost immediately afterward , leaving it uncontrollable ."
"beverly hills , california cnn the end of the hollywood writers strike means the oscar show will be the usual star studded , fashion filled extravaganza , organizers promised ."
"the strike , the bad news , is past us , sid ganis , president of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences , said thursday ."
"forest whitaker , helen mirren , jennifer hudson , miley cyrus , george clooney and nicole kidman will be among the presenters ."
"others include denzel washington , martin scorsese , cate blanchett , cameron diaz , harrison ford and tom hanks ."
"had the three month writers strike not ended tuesday , the academy still would have put on a b show ."
ganis said some elements of the b show also were likely to work their way into the telecast .
cnn a slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed sunday to recall million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in u . s . history .
"keith williams , a u . s . department of agriculture spokesman , said investigators have found no cases of illness related to the recalled meat ."
"but dick raymond , the undersecretary of agriculture for food safety , said there was a remote probability that the meat from the hallmark westland meat packing company in chino , california , could cause illness in humans ."
"it surpasses a ban of million pounds processed meat , the associated press reported ."
raymond said cattle that had lost the ability to walk since passing pre processing inspections were slaughtered without an inspector having examined them for chronic illness a practice he said violated federal regulations and had been going on for at least two years .
"we do not know how much of this product is out there at this time . we do not feel this product presents a health risk of any significance , he said ."
"about million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs and other federal nutrition programs since october , said ron vogel , of the usda s food and nutrition service ."
"in january , the humane society of the united states accused hallmark westland of abusing downed cattle , releasing video that showed workers kicking cows , jabbing them near their eyes , ramming them with a forklift and shooting high intensity water up their noses in an effort to force them to their feet for slaughter ."
federal inspectors halted operations at the plant earlier this month after finding clear violations of usda regulations .
california prosecutors on friday announced animal cruelty charges against two former employees of the plant .
a penny saved is not necessarily just a penny earned .
one man s collection of rare american cents has turned into a . million auction windfall .
the collection of cents featured some of the rarest and earliest examples of the american penny .
it included a cent that was minted for two weeks in but was abandoned because congress thought lady liberty looked frightened .
"the coins came from the collection of burbank resident walter j . husak , the owner of an aerospace part manufacturing company ."
"justine henin won her first title in her own country when she lifted the diamond games trophy in antwerp on sunday . the top seed was too good for italian challenger karin knapp , winning the final in minutes ."
"henin , beaten in the australian open quarterfinals a month ago by maria sharapova had little difficulty against the number italian playing in her first final ."
"henin broke twice for a lead in the first set but dropped serve in the eighth game as knapp kept the contest alive , ."
henin took the opener after minutes on her third opportunity as knapp put an approach into the net .
"in the second set , henin broke for and closed out victory on her first match point ."
it was the st title of henin s which includes seven grand slam trophies .
the belgian s two previous appearances in antwerp ended with defeat in the final and semifinal .
the british government announced sunday it is moving to nationalize on a temporary basis the struggling mortgage lender northern rock .
the government had insisted it preferred a commercial solution to nationalization .
"describing the plan as being in the interests of the british taxpayer , darling said legislation would be put before parliament monday to move the bank into state hands ."
"darling confirmed that sir richard branson s virgin group and northern rock s own board had prepared commercial bids to buy the bank , but said the government s advisers at the investment bank goldman sachs had concluded the numbers did not stack up and the better deal was temporary public ownership ."
"northern rock , britain s fifth largest mortgage lender , has dogged brown and his government since last september , when rumors of its financial difficulties led retail depositors to line up to withdraw their money in britain s first run on a bank since victorian times ."
"since then , billion guaranteed by the government with public money has been pumped into the bank to keep it afloat ."
"a suicide bomb exploded in a crowd of people gathering to watch dog fighting , killing at least people and wounding dozens more in the western section of kandahar , afghanistan sunday morning , according to afghan officials"
"kandahar provincial governor assadullah khalid put the death toll at , while another government official said the number wounded was around ."
"wire reports say hakim jan , an ex police chief of the province who in the past opposed the taliban , died in the blast ."
"the sport , banned under the taliban , is one of few forms of public entertainment in afghanistan . the matches also invite discreet gambling on the dogs ."
"kandahar , afghanistan s second largest city and a former stronghold of the taliban , has been scene of some of nato s heaviest fighting since"
"with the democratic presidential race tied to a complex delegate system , the clinton and obama camps went after each other sunday over superdelegates ."
"superdelegates delegates to the national democratic convention are not selected based on the party primaries and caucuses in each u . s . state , but rather based solely on their status as current or former elected officeholders and party officials ."
they are free to choose the candidate they like .
"superdelegates doesn t mean that they should leap over the will of the people in a single bound , joked sen . barack obama s chief political strategist david axelrod on cbs face the nation ."
but sen . hillary clinton s communications director howard wolfson told cbs that those approximately delegates are supposed to vote their conscience .
"and lanny davis , a former white house special counsel supporting clinton , told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that obama very ironically wants to change the rules of the game in the middle of the game ."
"obama leads in the overall delegate count and among pledged delegates , who are assigned based on primaries and caucuses ."
"clinton has more superdelegates supporting her , and the overall count is close ."
neither is expected to have enough pledged delegates to win the nomination before the party s convention in august .
"upcoming contests this week in wisconsin , washington state and hawaii are expected to favor obama , but the campaigns are looking to march , when delegate rich texas and ohio hold their contests ."
clinton is aiming for those critical victories that could help her recover in both the delegate count and the fight for political momentum .
clinton is also hoping for a win in pennsylvania in april .
"pakistani taliban commander baitullah mehsud paid out more than , , including money to purchase suicide jackets , for the assassination of benazir bhutto , the chief pakistani investigator said sunday ."
"four suspects in custody said mehsud also planned the december attack , chaudhry abdul majeed told reporters ."
"a day after bhutto s death , pakistan s government announced that mehsud was behind the attack ."
the cia later reached the same conclusion .
but two recent nationwide polls in pakistan found a majority of pakistanis believe president pervez musharraf s government had a role in her killing .
"two of the suspects told a judge on wednesday that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema said ."
"both were at the rawalpindi park when bhutto was assassinated , according to majeed ."
he said the bomber was motivated to carry out the attack because his friend was killed after pakistani security forces stormed the red mosque in islamabad last year to rout islamic extremists holed
fifa president sepp blatter has condemned the premier league s plans to play matches overseas and even hinted it could harm england s bid for the world cup . this will never happen .
"at least this will not happen as long as i am the president of fifa , said blatter , who remains president until ."
"those that are richer than the others , they have more responsibility and what the premier league is trying to do is contrary to this responsibility ."
premier league chief executive richard scudamore announced last week that its clubs supported a plan to stage a th round of games in five countries starting in the season .
blatter believes the fifa executive committee will oppose it .
"this does not take into consideration the fans of the clubs and it gives the impression that they just want to go on tour to make some money , he said ."
the fifa president s criticism follows strong opposition from uefa counterpart michel platini and asian federation chief mohamed bin hammam .
sen . barack obama friday knocked sen . hillary clinton for taking lobbyists money and said she was too much a part of business as usual in washington to bring about reform .
the illinois democrat s comments come after clinton thursday questioned his record of standing up to special interests .
"the problem we have is not a lack of good ideas , obama said in milwaukee , wisconsin , friday . it s that washington today is a place where good ideas go to die ."
"clinton has sharpened her attacks on obama in recent days , possibly in response to the do or die situation she is facing over the next couple of weeks ."
"there s a big difference between us speeches versus solutions , talk versus action ."
"speeches don t put food on the table . speeches don t fill up your tank or fill your prescription or do anything about that stack of bills that keeps you up at night , she said during a campaign stop thursday in youngstown , ohio ."
obama received significant boost to his campaign friday when he received the backing of the . million member service employees international union .
"we have an enormous amount of respect for sen . clinton , but it s now become clear members and leaders want to become part of an effort to elect barack obama the next president , union president andy stern said during a conference call announcing the union s endorsement ."
obama also received the endorsement of the . million member united food and commercial workers union thursday afternoon .
"northern illinois university on friday identified the man who fatally shot five people in a classroom as steven p . kazmierczak , whom police described as an award winning student revered by colleagues and faculty ."
"concealing a shotgun in a guitar case , and tucking three other guns under his coat , kazmierczak walked into a geology class in an niu lecture hall thursday afternoon and began firing , police said ."
"the graduate student stopped to reload his shotgun before he took his own life , police said ."
"kazmierczak was a student about miles away at the university of illinois at urbana champaign , police said , and there were no red flags warning of any violent behavior ."
one of kazmierczak s advisers said that she enjoyed having him as a student and that he was a nice person he was a nice kid .
"i found steven to be a very committed student , extremely respectful of me as an instructor and adviser , said jan carter black , an assistant professor in the university of illinois at urbana champaign s school of social work ."
"carter black and chris larrison another school of social work associate professor who knew kazmierczak described the gunman as pleasant , considerate and flexible ."
"i was so surprised to see this today , larrison said ."
"kazmierczak worked on a research project concerning mental health clinics under him , he said ."
"it doesn t fit with the steven he knew , larrison said ."
"american basketball is planning to create up to five new european franchises who would compete for the nba championship , according to a report by sports illustrated ."
the astonishing claims come hard on the heels of plans by the football s english premier league to play matches overseas and underline the growing trend of globalization in major sports leagues .
"this was further evidenced by super bowl champions new york giants playing a regular nfl season game against the miami dolphins at wembley stadium in london , but the nba s leaked plans go far beyond that ."
the plans are understood to include the formation of a european division with five new teams in major markets .
the teams would play a full game schedule and compete for the nba championship .
it is not the first time that stern has entertained the concept of overseas expansion .
"he broached the idea in , saying at the time that the league would look into european expansion within a decade ."
"the number of european and overseas players has steadily increased in the nba and basketball enjoys a particularly high profile in spain , france , italy , greece and the balkans ."
"the nba has played regular season games in japan and mexico , and played exhibition contests this season in london and rome ."
"london , england cnn former georgian opposition leader and billionaire businessman badri patarkatsishvili died of natural causes , british police said thursday ."
"his sudden death and a police statement that the case was suspicious led to speculation that patarkatsishvili was murdered , even though his spokesman said the cause of death was heart failure ."
patarkatsishvili was accused of plotting a coup last year against georgia s pro western president mikheil saakashvili and organizing widespread anti government demonstrations which led the president to call early elections .
"the voting took place last month , and saakashvili was re elected ."
"following initial inquiries and the post mortem carried out last night , surrey police can confirm that at this stage there is no indication that the sudden death of badri patarkatsishvili was from anything other than natural causes , a police statement said ."
inquests are standard in britain whenever a person dies suddenly .
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s central bank kept interest rates unchanged friday amid growing worries about a global slowdown ."
"the unanimous decision , which came at the end of a two day bank of japan policy board meeting , had been widely expected ."
the market is awaiting for signs about the future direction for monetary policy from comments by outgoing bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui expected later in the day .
"much of last year , the question had been on when the boj would raise rates ."
but the global economic turmoil set off by the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis has scotched that view .
"athens , greece cnn a strong earthquake and an almost equally strong aftershock struck southern greece just after midday thursday , u . s . and greek experts said ."
"the u . s . geological survey usgs reported on its web site that the initial . magnitude quake was centered about miles km southwest of the capital , athens , and was located about miles offshore ."
the athens geodynamic institute said an aftershock measuring . on the richter scale which is no longer used by the usgs rumbled through the same region soon afterward .
the usgs also measured the aftershock at . magnitude and said it took place about two hours after the initial quake .
"the aftershock was centered miles southwest of kalamata and miles southwest of athens , the usgs reported ."
experts and civil authorities had warned residents to get out of buildings and remain outside until the forecasted aftershock hit .
"there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage from either the earthquake or the aftershock , according to greek media , which said the quake could be felt as far south as the island of crete ."
the earthquake hit the country s methoni region the site of heightened seismic activity in recent months .
"due to its fault lines , greece is one of the most quake prone countries in the european union ."
the last major earthquake there was in and left about people dead .
"chad s president declared a nationwide state of emergency thursday , telling citizens that tightened controls are needed to restore order after recent rebel attacks ."
"in a speech broadcast on national radio and television , president idriss deby said he signed a decree increasing the government s powers for days , beginning friday , as provided for in chad s constitution ."
"deby said the decree instituted measures important and urgent to maintain order , guarantee stability and assure the good functioning of the state ."
forces loyal to deby battled rebels february in and around the capital of this former french colony in central africa .
"the measure empowers regional governors to control the movement of people and vehicles , bans most meetings , allows the government to control what is published in the press , and imposes a curfew from midnight to a . m ."
"after the day period , the national assembly decides whether to allow an extension of the state of emergency . earlier thursday , french"
"officials said the rebels were hovering around the town of goz beida , in a region where european union peacekeepers are to deploy over the next three months to protect refugees from sudan s troubled darfur region ."
"amid a discussion of trade in , chinese leader mao zedong made what secretary of state henry kissinger called a novel proposition sending tens of thousands , even million , chinese women to the united states ."
he asked . we can give you million .
"after kissinger noted mao was improving his offer , the chairman said , we have too many women ."
"it is such a novel proposition , kissinger replied in his discussion with mao in beijing ."
"bangkok , thailand cnn the karen national union secretary general was shot and killed thursday in what the ethnic rebel group is calling an assassination by the myanmar junta , a knu official told cnn ."
"two gunmen attacked man sha at his home in mae sot , a town on the myanmar thailand border , the official said ."
"he described man sha as one of the most important people in the rebel group , which he said has received numerous warnings that myanmar s military leaders planned to target and kill knu leaders ."
knu is a major rebel group that operates in the border area that is trying to establish autonomy for the karen ethnic minority .
"the government of myanmar , also known as burma , blames the knu for waging attacks to destabilize the military junta that has run the country for two decades ."
"washington cnn the u . s . military may try within days to shoot down a failed satellite using a missile launched from a navy ship , officials announced thursday ."
"gen . james cartwright , vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , told reporters at the pentagon that the window to accomplish the mission could begin in three to four days ."
"while much space trash and debris have safely crashed to earth after burning up in the atmosphere on re entry , authorities said what makes this , pound satellite different is the approximately , pounds of frozen toxic hydrazine propellant it carries ."
"without any intervention , officials believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march ."
"if it came down in one piece , nearly half the spacecraft would survive re entry and the hydrazine heated to a gas could spread a toxic cloud roughly the size of two football fields , cartwright said ."
"hydrazine is similar to chlorine or ammonia in that it affects the lungs and breathing tissue , the general said ."
"the option of striking the satellite with a missile launched from an aegis cruiser was decided upon by president bush after consultation with several government and military officials and aerospace experts , said deputy national security adviser james jeffrey ."
"federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson both acknowledged problems in the u . s . economy thursday , but both said they believe the nation will avoid falling into recession ."
the two made their comments at a hearing before the senate banking committee about the economy . their testimony comes in the wake of troubling economic readings that have raised recession fears on wall street .
but while paulson and bernanke repeatedly insisted they expect the economy to avoid shifting into reverse thanks in part to a series of interest rate cuts by the fed and a billion economic stimulus package signed by president bush wednesday they conceded the economy faces additional headwinds .
"bernanke and paulson both said the outlook for the economy is noticeably worse than it was as recently as a few months ago , and both expect cuts in official growth forecasts from the administration and the fed in upcoming months ."
"the fed is currently predicting . growth for this year , but bernanke said a new forecast would be finalized next week ."
the council of economic advisors most recent estimate was for the economy to grow by . in .
bernanke said he believes major banks and wall street firms are likely to take additional earnings hits tied to bad investments in subprime mortgages .
that could lead to tighter lending standards and contribute to an overall slowdown .
"more expensive and less available credit seems likely to continue to be a source of restraint on economic growth , bernanke said ."
but he added he s not worried about bank failures because he thinks banks entered the current downturn with sufficient capital and have been able to raise additional funds .
"cnn for some , valentine s day can be heavenly . for others , it s just plain hell ."
"four years ago , she and her live in boyfriend the guy she thought she would marry were having a pre valentine s day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear ."
"says sullivan , , who works in marketing ."
but can you give me until summer to make a final decision
"home alone on february in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex boyfriend s e mail and discovered he d had contact with several other women while they were together ."
sullivan isn t alone in dreading valentine s day .
"thanks to super sized expectations and over the top commercialization , february has gone from a sentimental aside to a pressure filled gauntlet lined with chocolate boxes , tennis bracelets and cheesy stuffed bears ."
"the holiday s designed to make you feel bad , says judy mcguire , author of how not to date ."
"that way , anything that happens is good ."
"most women will admit they like to celebrate , but a fancy night on the town isn t necessary ."
"sometimes , hanging out at home can be a lot more fun than going out to some restaurant filled with couples , says author mcguire ."
russian president vladimir putin offered biting criticism thursday of what he called european double standards and stood by his country s long standing objection to kosovo s plan to declare independence .
"putin addressed a myriad of reporters questions in all at the annual presidential news conference , his final one before his term ends ."
he described his two terms as president as gifts from the russian people and from god and said he would stand by the country s basic law that this term is the final term .
"putin used his last news conference with more than , journalists and lasting almost five hours to highlight differences between russia and the west ."
at the request of serbia a close ally of russia the united nations security council held a private debate on the matter on thursday .
"both the eu and the united states fully back independence for kosovo , a province of serbia that has been under u . n . control since shortly after nato warplanes forced out serbian forces in ."
but putin ridiculed the organization s name and said perhaps it should concentrate on teaching their wives to make borscht rather than teaching countries how to run their elections .
"he said russia has fully implemented all of its commitments with its european partners , including the osce ."
his remark was met with laughter .
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan negotiators trying to end the violent ethnic tensions that erupted after the disputed presidential elections last year have reached some sort of a political agreement and will continue talking next week , a spokesman for the mediators said ."
but a government spokeswoman specified the agreement is not a substantive one .
"nasser ega musa told cnn on thursday that kofi annan , the former u . n . secretary general who was asked to help settle the dispute , will outline the agreement at a news conference friday in kenya ."
"ega musa , spokesman for the panel of eminent african personalities on the national dialogue of reconciliation chaired by annan , said annan will release the text of the agreement that was signed by both parties . the talks will resume on monday morning , ega musa said ."
"chief government negotiator martha karua , asked about the negotiations at the nairobi airport , said , all i can say is that the talks are progressing and that a substantive agreement has not been hammered out ."
"meanwhile , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice is being sent to kenya in the coming few days to support efforts to end violence there ."
president bush announced the mission in washington on thursday .
kenyan opposition party spokesman salim lone said that rice s trip to kenya is a very positive step .
"earlier this week , both sides in the disputed december presidential election in kenya agreed not to pursue a recount or audit of the votes ."
both sides have agreed on the creation of an independent committee to investigate irregularities in the election and suggest reforms .
the head of hezbollah threatened open war against israel as mourners gathered in beirut thursday for the funeral of a senior commander in the islamic militant group organization killed this week .
"in a separate rally in the lebanese capital , supporters of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri gathered to mark the third anniversary of his assassination in a massive car bomb attack ."
"officials estimated hundreds of thousands of people were taking part in the two rallies with around , police and security force members working through pouring rain to keep the peace between the rival crowds ."
"addressing supporters in a pre recorded message delivered via a giant video screen , hezbollah leader sheikh hassan nasrallah accused israel of being behind a blast in the syrian capital , damascus , which killed militant commander imad mughniyeh on wednesday ."
israel has flatly denied involvement in mughniyeh s death
"you have crossed the borders , nasrallah said , accusing israel of extending the simmering conflict between israel and hezbollah beyond the lebanese frontier ."
"with this murder , its timing , location and method zionists , if you want this kind of open war , let the whole world listen let this war be open ."
israel s military chief thursday ordered his forces to take the necessary steps to protect the country s border with lebanon .
"hezbollah militants are active in lebanon , and have pounded northern israel with katyusha rockets in the past , sparking a war with israel in the summer of ."
"cnn a person shot people thursday at northern illinois university s dekalb campus outside chicago , then fatally shot himself , the school said , citing police ."
"many victims were shot in the head , said theresa comitas , spokeswoman for kishwaukee community hospital , about minutes from the school ."
"at least three victims are in critical condition , eight are in stable condition and six are in good condition , a hospital official tells cnn ."
"one of the wounded was transferred by helicopter to rockford hospital , she said . there were no fatalities at the hospital , she said ."
a law enforcement official being briefed on the situation told cnn that the shooter used at least one shotgun .
kevin mcenery said he witnessed the shooting .
close to shots were fired .
"he was wearing a black shirt , dark pants , black hat ."
"he started with a shotgun , then turned to a pistol ."
friday classes also are canceled at the school s dekalb campus .
"the year old school is miles west of downtown chicago and has an enrollment of more than , ."
"a spokesman for the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives told cnn that some of its agents were already on the scene to assist ."
sen . hillary clinton on thursday sharpened her attacks on democratic rival sen . barack obama as she faces what even her supporters admit are must win situations in texas and ohio in the weeks ahead .
"at a campaign stop at a general motors corp . plant in youngstown , ohio , the senator from new york accused obama of caving in to special interests ."
"well , he told people he stood up to the nuclear industry and passed a bill against them . but he actually let the nuclear industry water down his bill the bill never actually passed ."
clinton was referring to a bill that obama drafted after an illinois nuclear power plant was found to have released radiation into surrounding groundwater .
"obama s original bill would have required power plants to notify the public and government officials when any radiation was released , but subsequent versions had less stringent reporting requirements , the new york times reported ."
the bill was never voted on by the full senate .
clinton also accused obama of supporting billions of dollars of breaks for the oil industry by voting for an energy bill she opposed and said he did not support the workers of a maytag corp . plant that closed in his home state of illinois .
"reacting to clinton s charges , obama spokesman bill burton said his candidate doesn t need any lectures on special interests from the candidate who s taken more money from washington lobbyists than any republican running for president ."
"sen . clinton may have said that attacks and distortions are the fun and exciting part of the campaign , but they re exactly what everyone else in america is tired of , burton said ."
the new zealand olympic committee denied attempting to prevent athletes from commenting on political issues at the beijing games .
"this is an affront to free speech which is guaranteed by new zealand s bill of rights and our olympic officials are not entitled to take that right away , lawmaker keith locke said ."
"athletes would be free to comment on the regime in china if they wished to do so , spokesperson ashley abbott said ."
"if one of our athletes were asked their feelings on an important issue it would be absolutely their prerogative to answer as they see fit , abbott told national radio ."
"at this stage we re really comfortable with our athletes agreement , and the athletes are also , she said , adding locke s claims were incorrect and out of context ."
locke said new zealand and belgium were the only nations attempting to curb political comment by athletes .
"our olympic officials should not be imitating the chinese regime by muzzling kiwi athletes who might be disturbed by some of what they see in china , locke said ."
"the white house on wednesday issued an order expanding sanctions against syria , saying the nation s leaders have engaged in a pattern of violating human rights in their own country and harmed the peace and stability of other nations in the region , including iraq ."
"in the executive order , president bush accuses syria of actions including , but not limited to , undermining efforts with respect to the stabilization of iraq ."
the order expands similar sanctions imposed in .
no officials are named in the order .
"the united states will continue to stand with the people of syria and the region as they seek to exercise their rights peacefully and to build a brighter future , said a statement released by the white house ."
"the ordered banned u . s . exports to syria , except for food and medicine , allowed the u . s . treasury department to seize the property of syrians involved in terrorism and banned flights between the united states and syria ."
"the white house statement also says syria continues to undermine lebanon s sovereignty and democracy , imprison democracy activists , curtail human rights , and sponsor and harbor terrorists ."
"port canaveral , florida cnn it s been years since disney started its cruises with the disney magic ship , followed in by disney wonder ."
two more disney ships will launch in and .
"that , along with the appeal of the disney brand , has ensured the cruise line s success ."
"christine koubek , who reviewed the wonder for the web site cruisecritic . com , said that what disney cruise line does best is prove that elegant and family friendly don t have to be mutually exclusive ."
disney is a great choice for families that want excellent supervised children s programs as well as activities they can enjoy together .
"for adults , disney ships offer nightclubs , classes , fitness centers , an adult only restaurant called palo , and wine , beer and martini tastings ."
"for families with young children , disney s nurseries , flounder s reef , take infants as young as weeks old and toddlers up to ."
"some cruise lines keep parents on call to change diapers , but the flounder s reef staff takes care of that for you ."
disney s magic and wonder also have pools with separation filtration systems that allow diapered toddlers to swim .
and each stateroom has a bathroom with a bathtub also relatively uncommon on non luxury cruise ships .
"there are also scheduled opportunities onboard to meet characters like mickey and cinderella , and to attend character breakfasts like the ones that are so popular in disney parks ."
"on disney magic , teenagers hang out at the stack , a teen only lounge area with a dance floor , internet cafe , big screen plasma tv and video games ."
the ships also offer full fledged musicals in onboard theaters .
"this year , a new musical of toy story will premiere on the wonder ."
disney cruise spokesman jason lasecki says the company plans to keep the show exclusively for its cruise passengers .
"more than percent of the writers guild of america members who cast ballots tuesday in los angeles and new york voted to end their work stoppage over residuals for writing in the digital age , including new media and the internet . the new deal is for three years ."
"wga members walked off the job november after talks broke down over how writers are paid for the use of their material on the internet and dvds , among other issues ."
"the vote meant that the academy awards ceremony on february will be the usual scripted gala , the ap reported ."
"it s unclear how soon new episodes of scripted programs will start appearing , because production won t begin until scripts are completed , the ap reported ."
"it will take at least four weeks for producers to get the first post strike episodes of comedies back on the air dramas will take six to eight weeks , the ap said ."
verrone said the wga achieved two of three goals through negotiations with the studios .
"the first goal relates to writers jurisdiction in new media , verrone said , meaning that any content written by guild members specifically for new media , such as the internet or cell phones , will be covered by their contract ."
"the second goal relates to reuse of content in new media , verrone said . the agreement bases payment for reuses on a distributor s gross formula for residuals , so that when they get paid , we get paid , he said ."
"the third goal , which verrone said the guild did not achieve , was to shore up writers shares of the revenue from animation and reality television ."
"cnn space , the final frontier , is about to add an asian flavor ."
"kimchi , south korea s popular pickle dish , has been approved for an historic space mission later this year , according to news reports ."
"the food will blast off along with south korea s first astronaut after being approved by russian space authorities , the yonhap news agency reported ."
"the approved menu includes fresh and cooked kimchi , spicy chili paste , rice , bean paste soup , instant noodles , sweet cinnamon punch , ginseng teas and a mixed grain and vegetable bar , yonhap reported , quoting the korea aerospace research institute kari ."
"the approved foods were developed after two years of research by kari and the korea food research institute , yonhap said ."
"presently , only u . s . and russian made meals are served in the international space station ."
"ko san , a year old computer science engineer , will be south korea s first astronaut to travel into space on a russian made rocket on april ."
"he is expected to spend more than a week at the space station , yonhap said ."
"roger clemens said wednesday he received only vitamin shots from brian mcnamee , but the ex trainer insisted before a house panel that every injection contained steroids or other performance enhancers ."
"clemens sat mere feet from his chief accuser as the two men , both under oath , offered lawmakers starkly conflicting accounts about the injections mcnamee administered years ago ."
"the committee s chairman , rep . henry waxman , said , someone isn t telling the truth ."
"if mr . mcnamee is lying , then he has acted inexcusably and he has made mr . clemens an innocent victim , waxman said . if mr . clemens isn t telling the truth , then he has acted shamefully and he has smeared mr . mcnamee . i don t think there is anything in between ."
clemens told reporters afterward that he was very thankful and very grateful for the chance to answer the allegations .
"in a nearly direct exchange with mcnamee , clemens told the house panel that mcnamee injected him with vitamin b on three occasions , but never with steroids or other illegal substances ."
"mcnamee who served as clemens trainer until countered that he injected clemens with only testosterone , the steroid winstrol or human growth hormone ."
"clemens testimony to the panel examining performance enhancing drug use in america s pastime also failed to jibe with an affidavit provided by fellow new york yankees ace andy pettitte , who has told the committee that in or clemens told me he had taken hgh ."
"saying pettitte was and will remain a close friend , clemens said he believes pettitte made a mistake ."
"united nations cnn the situation for children caught in conflict remains grave and entirely unacceptable because groups in countries still recruit and use child soldiers , according to a senior u . n . official ."
"undersecretary general radhika coomaraswamy told the u . n . security council this week that in addition to being pressed into service , children in several countries are also killed , maimed , abducted and raped and denied access to humanitarian groups ."
she cited a recent report from secretary general ban ki moon to the security council on children and armed conflict that named groups in countries responsible for the recruitment and use of child soldiers .
"the countries where groups that recruit child soldiers operate are afghanistan , burundi , central african republic , congo , myanmar , nepal , somalia , sudan , chad , colombia , philippines , sri lanka and uganda , according to the report ."
coomaraswamy noted that persistent violators have been on a list of groups that perpetrate these crimes for five years and urged the security council to make good on its promise to take concrete and targeted measures against these offenders .
"in , the council passed a resolution establishing a group to monitor and report on countries and groups using child soldiers ."
"coomaraswamy , the top u . n . envoy on children and armed conflict , said the monitoring has produced results , but that more needed to be done ."
"legal action has been taken against recruiters of child soldiers in congo and there have been several convictions in sierra leone , she said ."
"ivory coast has been taken off the list of offenders altogether because of actions it has taken , including the release to unicef of about , child fighters ."
"in spite of the impressive progress , i regret to report that the overall situation of children affected by conflict remains grave and entirely unacceptable , coomaraswamy said ."
"she urged the security council , charged with investigating the use of child soldiers , to expand its focus"
"a hezbollah commander suspected in some of the deadliest terrorist attacks of the last years and a reputed role model for osama bin laden has been killed in syria , hezbollah tv said wednesday ."
"imad mughniyeh died in an explosion in a residential section of the syrian capital , damascus , said hezbollah s television station , al manar ."
"hezbollah blamed israel for the killing , but israeli officials denied involvement ."
"israel rejects the attempt by terrorist elements to ascribe to it any involvement whatsoever in this incident , israeli prime minister ehud olmert said in a statement ."
the fbi said it was awaiting official confirmation of mughniyeh s death and the details .
"the ongoing fight against terrorism as one major terrorist will no longer be around to commit additional acts of terror against americans and others in the world , fbi special agent richard kolko said ."
"u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack called mughniyeh a cold blooded killer , a mass murderer and a terrorist who was responsible for ending countless lives ."
"the world is a better place without the hezbollah commander , mccormack said ."
"western intelligence agencies long suspected mughniyeh in the bombing of the u . s . embassy in beirut , lebanon , that killed people ."
"he also is suspected in the truck bombing that year of the u . s . marine barracks in beirut , an attack that killed people and preceded the u . s . military withdrawal from lebanon ."
"london , england cnn london police said wednesday they had carried out one of britain s largest simultaneous drug raids , using more than officers to target suspects at more than addresses in a massive pre dawn operation ."
"officers from london s metropolitan police arrested people on suspicion of drug trafficking and money laundering , a police statement said ."
"the operation took seven weeks to plan , police said ."
"as helicopters hovered overhead , officers raided the addresses , which are scattered across the capital ."
"at one address , officers had to use an earth mover to gain entry , police said ."
"it was believed the network was converting drugs money into euro notes to launder vast cash profits believed to be up to million pounds million a week , the police statement said ."
police said the suspects arrested wednesday are believed to be the top tier and key players involved in the movement and distribution of cocaine and cannabis throughout the uk .
"they are believed to have substantial connections in europe , using those contacts to traffic drugs into britain , police said ."
zimbabwe s main opposition group wednesday said they will participate in presidential and parliamentary elections scheduled for march .
but the movement for democratic change ruled out running with simba makoni a former member of robert mugabe s government who has announced his own plans to run for president .
mdc leader morgan tsvangirai said wednesday from johannesburg we intend to take part with the full confidence of the support of the people of zimbabwe .
"tsvangirai rejected any possibility of teaming up former finance minister makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling zanu pf party ."
"mr . simba makoni is just as guilty as part of the zanu pf elite which has destroyed our country , tsvangirai said . he as an individual may have some residue of respect , but they are guilty by omission and by commission over the last years ."
makoni s campaign marks the first public challenge to mugabe s grip on power from within his own party .
it is unclear if he can get that support after being expelled from the party .
"mugabe , who turns next week , has been zimbabwe s only ruler since it achieved independence from britain years ago ."
"under mugabe s rule , once prosperous zimbabwe has suffered an economic crisis , with routine shortages of food , electricity and foreign currency ."
"the most recent estimate of the nation s inflation rate said it exceeds , percent , but economists say it is much higher ."
"dili , east timor cnn the rebels jumped from two cars , firing machine guns as they stormed the compound of president jose ramos horta ."
traitor !
traitor !
"they shouted , hunting for the nobel peace prize winner ."
"in one of the most detailed accounts yet of monday s assassination attempt , a guard described how he killed fugitive rebel commander alfredo reinado before the president returned from an early morning walk on the beach ."
"i shouted alfredo s name and then opened fire at his head with my machine gun because he was wearing a bulletproof vest , the guard told the associated press , speaking on condition of anonymity because he is prohibited from talking to the media about the attack ."
"i fired many times , i don t know how many times , said the guard , who was back on duty tuesday in his uniform ."
then shot the president in the chest and stomach .
"along with a separate strike against the prime minister an hour later , the events plunged east timor into fresh crisis just six years after it voted to break free from decades of brutal indonesian rule ."
"doctors on wednesday said ramos horta who won a nobel peace prize for his nonviolent campaign against the year occupation was stable and recovering well from gunshot wounds , but remained in extremely serious condition at an australian hospital ."
parliament extended a hour state of emergency by days until february due to concerns about more unrest .
funerals for the rebels will be held thursday and plans were under way to issue arrest warrants for suspects in the shootings .
"al qaeda has begun an online propaganda campaign , targeting german speaking muslims with increasing amounts of terror related content , german security officials have told cnn ."
german state secretary of the interior august hanning has said he is worried that the authorities will not be able to thwart all terror plots in the future .
"jihadist videos obtained by cnn , and narrated and subtitled in german , call on german speaking muslims to join the holy war against what they call an american led coalition against islam that germany and austria are a part of ."
"cnn has also seen excerpts of what german intelligence officials say is a hour long , professionally produced bomb making tutorial ."
"while the video is narrated in arabic , german officials say it is so well produced that even non arabic speakers can understand it ."
the tutorial instructs viewers in the production of various forms of homemade explosives
"german officials say these bombs , if produced according to the instructions , would work and could be potentially devastating ."
last summer three men were arrested in germany for allegedly plotting bomb attacks against americans resident in the country .
two of the men were german converts to islam and one was a turk living in germany .
"the german interior ministry has said since that it is worried al qaeda might be preparing to make attacks in germany , although it does not want to create panic and believes there is no evidence of an imminent outrage ."
germany has so far escaped the type of large scale al qaeda terror attack that has hit other parts of europe such as madrid in and london in .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn two suspects arrested last week confessed to a pakistani judge wednesday that they helped arm the suicide bomber blamed for assassinating benazir bhutto , an interior ministry spokesman told cnn ."
"the two men identified as hasnain gul and rafaqat were part of a five man team behind the former prime minister s assassination , including the suicide bomber , a senior police investigator told cnn ."
"both were at the rawalpindi park where bhutto was assassinated on december as she left a political campaign rally , said investigator chaudhry abdul majeed ."
"the other two suspects one of them named karamullah are still at large , he said ."
"the two suspects told the judge in wednesday s court appearance that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol , and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema said ."
"they identified the bomber by two aliases , saeed and bilal , according to majeed ."
"cheema said the bomber apparently was unable to get through security to attend bhutto s rally , so he carried out the attack as she left the rawalpindi park ."
pakistani and british investigators concluded that bhutto died when the force of the suicide blast caused her to slam her head onto an escape hatch on her suv .
"the two suspects were arrested last thursday in rawalpindi , the headquarters of pakistan s military leadership outside islamabad , where bhutto was killed , cheema said ."
"police are still holding aitzaz shah , , and sher zaman , who were detained last month in dera ismail khan in pakistan s north west frontier province ."
"pakistani officials have been vague on shah and zaman s links to bhutto s killing , and have said they have not been named as official suspects ."
"pakistan s government has concluded bhutto s assassination was orchestrated by baitullah mesud , the leader of the pakistani taliban who has ties to al qaeda a conclusion the cia supports ."
"democratic presidential hopeful barack obama , moving into front runner status following a week of eight straight wins , is facing a new rival , exchanging fire with john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee ."
"in what could be a preview of the general election , the two exchanged jabs over iraq and the economy , sure to be key issues in november ."
mccain criticized the democrats for speaking in platitudes about iraq .
"look at the record . . . not the rhetoric , not the platitudes , but the principles and the philosophy , he said ."
mccain later took aim directly at obama for lacking specifics .
"but there is going to be time when we have to get into specifics , and i have heard not every speech he has given obviously , but they are singularly lacking in specifics , and that s when as the campaign moves forward , we will be portraying very stark differences ."
"those comments are among mccain s most pointed attack at obama to date , a clear sign the republican nominee apparent is increasingly viewing the illinois senator as the democratic front runner ."
"with a sweep in the potomac primaries on tuesday , obama moved into the lead in the race for democratic delegates on the strength of eight straight primary and caucus wins ."
"obama returned fire while campaigning in wisconsin on wednesday , saying , it s clear he knows who his opponent s going to be , and i m looking forward to a great debate on the issues with john mccain ."
"obama criticized mccain s stance on the war and said , we can t keep on spending money that we don t have on a war that should have never been fought and should have never been authorized ."
"he also took aim at mccain s economic philosophy , saying , george bush may not be on the ballot this fall , but his tax cut and his economic policies are ,"
"if you want the same as we ve had in the last seven years , then i think john mccain s going to be a great choice , obama said . but if you think we need something new . . . then i hope that you will stand with me and vote for me ."
"tuesday s victories means that obama for the first time has a lead over clinton in the delegate count , to , , according to cnn estimates ."
andy murray made a winning start at the marseille open as he returned to action for the first time since his opening round defeat to eventual finalist jo wilfried tsonga in the australian open on january .
murray beat jesse huta galung of the netherlands .
"murray decided to miss britain s davis cup tie away to argentina last week , citing an injury , but he was widely criticized , even by brother jamie ."
once he had taken the set murray looked much more assured and will next play either france s sebastien grosjean or stanislas wawrinka of switzerland .
romanian andrei pavel quit his match against frenchman julien benneteau after suffering a recurrence of back trouble that surfaced in last weekend s davis cup tie with france .
cnn malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on wednesday dissolved parliament to pave the way for new elections .
"the country s king , sultan mizan zainal abidin , approved the decision , abdullah told reporters in a televised news conference to announce his decision ."
"election authorities plan to meet thursday to set a date for new elections , which could be held in early march , said baradan kuppusamy , a journalist who has covered numerous malaysian elections ."
"abdullah s term as prime minister was to expire in june , and parliament would have been dissolved and new elections held then , had abdullah not acted , kuppusamy said ."
"concerns have been simmering over rising food and fuel prices that many analysts expect to worsen next year , kuppusamy added ."
"malaysian prime ministers traditionally have sought the dissolution of parliament several months before the end of their term in hopes their party would prevail in fresh elections , kuppusamy said ."
"abdullah s coalition party , the national front , was expected to choose him to continue as prime minister if it captures a majority of seats in the next elections , kuppusamy said ."
"the parliament was the th for the southeast asian country , a constitutional monarchy , since its independence in ."
"the children s commissioner for england , who oversees children s rights , has called for a ban on the ultra sonic gadget , known as the mosquito , which disperses young people by emitting sharp , piercing sounds ."
the device causes discomfort to younger ears by exploiting their ability to hear very high frequencies a power which declines once they reach their s .
but human rights groups say the machine infringes civil rights and creates a divide between young and old .
i have spoken to many children and young people from all over england who have been deeply affected by ultra sonic teenage deterrents .
"aynsley green said about , of the devices are in use across england to split up gatherings of youth in areas such as parks and shops ."
"these devices are indiscriminate and target all children and young people , including babies , regardless of whether they are behaving or misbehaving , he added ."
"youth leaders backed the campaign , adding that the mosquito fails to address the root problems of anti social behavior among youths and may even push teenagers to congregate in unsafe areas ."
the company says the mosquito has proved popular with shop keepers who buy it to move along gatherings of teenagers and anti social youths .
"railway companies have also placed the device to discourage youths from spraying graffiti on trains and station walls , compound security said ."
"sens . john mccain and barack obama will claim victory in all three contests in the potomac primaries , cnn projects ."
"residents cast votes tuesday in maryland , virginia and the district of columbia ."
"obama had a substantial lead over hillary clinton in virginia , and mccain was ahead of mike huckabee by about points , according to cnn projections ."
"the change we seek swept through chesapeake and over the potomac , obama told supporters . tuesday night ."
"in the district of columbia , obama was leading clinton percent , and mccain was leading huckabee percent , with about percent of precincts reporting ."
"mccain is leading huckabee to in total delegates , according to cnn estimates ."
"a gop candidate needs , delegates to secure the nomination ."
"mccain saluted huckabee after the results came in but turned his campaign toward the general election , saying he would offer a better understanding of the challenges we face than either of the democratic front runners ."
"we know where either of their candidates will lead this country , and we dare not let them , he said , without mentioning the democratic candidates by name ."
obama s wins give him more delegates than clinton .
"according to cnn calculations , obama has , delegates to clinton s , ."
"superdelegates , a group of almost democratic party officials and leaders , are not required to make their votes public and are free to change their minds ."
"clinton turned her attention to texas , which holds its primary on march ."
"cnn a swedish appeals court has fined a kennel owner , , kronor for refusing to sell a puppy to a woman because she is a lesbian , the state news agency said ."
"the year old kennel owner told the woman she did not trust homosexuals and had read that transvestites sexually abused animals , according to the tt news agency ."
"the news agency reported that the woman contacted the kennel , located in a suburb of the capital city stockholm , inquiring about a puppy advertised for sale ."
the woman told the kennel owner she and her partner would have plenty of time to care for the dog since both were students .
"but when she let slip she was a lesbian , the kennel owner who is also a woman put an end to the sale ."
the court s decision on monday upheld an earlier ruling by a district court against the kennel owner .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"moscow , russia cnn averting what could have been another gas crisis across europe , russia and ukraine have fixed a price on natural gas for while kiev has promised to pay its gas debts ."
"the last minute deal mirrored a similar situation in , when russia briefly cut off gas supplies to ukraine over pricing differences ."
russian president vladimir putin and ukraine president viktor yushchenko announced on tuesday they had reached agreement on the gas issue at a news conference in moscow following their talks .
"the russian natural gas company , gazprom , had threatened to stop supplying gas to ukraine on monday , then extended the deadline until tuesday evening while talks continued ."
"the two leaders said several other issues between the countries had been resolved , as well ."
yushchenko said ukraine will pay its gas arrears of and will be a stable transit supplier to western europe .
"a final agreement will be signed in the next few days and payment for gas already used will begin shortly , putin said ."
"after the gas cut off in , eu leaders called for solutions that would allow the union to avoid being a victim of disputes between russia and other former soviet republics ."
"france s new first lady said in an interview published tuesday that despite her whirlwind romance with president nicolas sarkozy , she expects the marriage to last a lifetime ."
"carla bruni , a model turned singer , told the newsweekly l express that her first meeting with sarkozy was love at first sight ."
the italian born bruni and sarkozy tied the knot february at the presidential elysee palace .
"i didn t hesitate , after meeting him , bruni said in her first interview since becoming first lady ."
"the discretion surrounding the quiet exchange of vows at the elysee palace contrasted with the couple s public romance , which caught the world s attention ."
"it was the first marriage for bruni , , and the third for the year old sarkozy ."
he married bruni less than four months after his divorce from cecilia sarkozy .
bruni has a short answer for those who thought the marriage came too fast wrong .
"between nicolas and me , it wasn t quick , it was immediate , l express quoted her as saying ."
"bruni has never made a secret of her relationships with the rich and famous , from donald trump to mick jagger . but she suggested that sarkozy was different from the others ."
bruni said she does not like the idea of divorce and said she would be a no nonsense first lady of france .
"i don t yet know what i might do as first lady , but i know how i will do it seriously , she said ."
"london , england cnn princess diana s brother in law denied tuesday during the british inquest into her death that he was in paris directing a plot to kill her in ."
"robert fellowes , who is married to diana s sister jane and was formerly private secretary to queen elizabeth ii , testified at the coroner s inquest that he was in norfolk in eastern england on the august night that diana and her boyfriend dodi fayed were in a fatal car crash in paris ."
"the british inquest into the august , deaths began october after a decade of british and french police investigations and french court proceedings ."
"fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed that fellowes now lord fellowes had commandeered a communications post at the british embassy in paris on the night to send messages to an intelligence agency as part of a murder plot ."
"he also revealed that the palace , after consulting the government , decided not to initiate an investigation of the interception of embarrassing telephone calls involving diana and her former husband , prince charles ."
"roberto devorik , a friend of diana , has testified that she thought fellowes hated her ."
"i m sad if she felt that , lord fellowes said ."
"clearly the events of the s made our relationship more complicated , he said , adding"
i was very fond of her then as i always had been and sad that she had not had a happier and more stable time in those troubled years .
"the company that makes the ubiquitous , addictive blackberry smart phones said tuesday it was still looking into what caused the second widespread service disruption in less than a year ."
"rim said no messages were lost , and voice and text messaging services were unaffected ."
"it is too early to determine root cause at this time , but rim does have a team addressing this issue in order to define the problem and prevent it in the future , the company said in a statement ."
"the blackberry service , which lets users check e mail and access other data , has become a lifeline for many business executives and is increasingly popular among consumers with smart phones like the blackberry pearl ."
"gold , who worked most of monday on a laptop while traveling , plans to ask his company to buy him a backup smart phone from a rival like palm inc . , which makes the treo , in case blackberry service goes on the blink again ."
rim has million subscribers worldwide and has deals with scores of wireless carriers to offer the blackberry service around the world .
"la paz , bolivia cnn president evo morales declared a national disaster tuesday after weeks of heavy storms resulted in widespread flooding blamed for scores of deaths , particularly in northeastern bolivia ."
"in addition to deaths , the heavy rain that began last november has left more than , people homeless , according to official figures . five people are reported missing ."
"dozens of families have been evacuated from hills around the el beni region s capital city of trinidad , where they have taken refuge ."
"inside trinidad , the only scarce water was potable water ."
"the rainfall during this year s rainy season may exceed last year s total by centimeters , according to studies in this area of the amazon basin ."
"there s nowhere to go , said kenia alvarez , who is also homeless in beni . the water is rising more ."
"international aid was visible , with helicopters from brazil , argentina and venezuela ferrying in supplies ."
danish authorities said tuesday they have arrested three people who allegedly were plotting a terror related assassination of a cartoonist whose drawing of the prophet mohammed sparked rage in the muslim world two years ago .
the danish security and intelligence service said police arrested a year old dane of moroccan origin and two tunisians .
"the operation took place in the aarhus area of western denmark at a . m . local time following lengthy surveillance , the intelligence service said ."
"the target of the plot , the intelligence service said , was the cartoonist for the danish newspaper morgenavisen jullands posten , which first published the controversial drawings in september . the paper identified the cartoonist as kurt westergaard ."
"not wanting to take any undue risks the intelligence service has decided to intervene at a very early stage in order to interrupt the planning and the actual assassination , the statement by jakob scharf , the agency s director general , said ."
"thus , this morning s operation must first and foremost be seen as a preventive measure where the aim has been to stop a crime from being committed ."
demonstrations erupted across the world in early after other newspapers reprinted the images months later as a matter of free speech . some turned deadly .
"washington cnn terrorists increasingly favor using women as suicide bombers to thwart security and draw attention to their causes , a new fbi department of homeland security assessment concludes ."
"the assessment said the agencies have no specific , credible intelligence indicating that terrorist organizations intend to utilize female suicide bombers against targets in the homeland ."
"but it points out that women have been reported as attackers in the russian breakaway republic of chechnya and in india , iraq , pakistan , the palestinian territories , sri lanka and turkey ."
"the notice was distributed monday to law enforcement officials throughout the united states , and cnn obtained a copy of it ."
officials want to make sure security officers are alert to the possibility of female bombers and to familiarize themselves with behavior patterns that such attackers have used in the past .
"even as military and security forces are paying more attention to the use of female operatives , terrorists are adapting their suicide attack tactics to compensate for enhanced security measures , the advisory said ."
"the assessment highlighted the february bombings in baghdad in which two women , who appeared to have down syndrome , attacked two pet markets ."
the attacks forced fbi and dhs officials to rethink a belief that those responsible for such incidents had the mental discipline to accomplish the operation .
the two agencies also echo what experts have said before that female suicide bombers may have an advantage over their male counterparts in accessing targets .
"for example , the assessment points out women can hide explosives in prosthetic devices that mimic the look of pregnancy ."
"the australian government apologized wednesday for years of mistreatment that inflicted profound grief , suffering and loss on the country s aboriginal people ."
new prime minister kevin rudd read the apology wednesday to aborigines and the stolen generations of children who were taken from their families .
"to the mothers and fathers , to the brothers and sisters we say sorry . and for the indignity and degradation on a proud people and a proud culture we say sorry ."
"for years , until , the australian government took mixed race aboriginal children from their families and put them in dormitories or industrial schools , claiming it was protecting them ."
"as a result of the policy , stolen children lost contact with their families and heritage , received poor education , lived in harsh conditions , and often endured abuse ."
"he said that the apology was the start of a new approach towards aborigines which included helping them find their lost families , closing pay gaps and a year difference in life expectancy between aborigines and white australians ."
he said new policies would be introduced to provide better healthcare and education to aborigines .
"the mood of the nation is for reconciliation now , rudd said ."
"cnn fighting in the volatile sudanese region of darfur has sparked a another wave of refugees into chad and left a red cross employee dead , according to international agencies ."
"the u . n . high commissioner for refugees said on monday that more than , people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from sudan s darfur region to neighboring chad , still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government ."
"all the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to darfur at this point , they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern chad ."
this latest influx of refugees in chad aggravates an already deteriorating security situation across this politically unstable region of africa .
"before the latest flight into chad , the unhcr and its partner groups were taking care of , sudanese refugees in camps in eastern chad and some , from central african republic in the south of the country ."
the international committee of the red cross said on monday that one of its employees was killed in western darfur last week during fighting .
the victim is a year old sudanese national and father of six children .
"u . n . secretary general ban ki moon last week deplored the acts , urged all parties to stop hostilities , and said all parties must adhere to international humanitarian law , which prohibits military attacks against civilians ."
"sen . barack obama will win the virginia democratic primary , cnn projects based on exit polls . the polls closed at p . m . et , and the republican race between sen . john mccain and mike huckabee remains competitive ."
obama also finished ahead of sen . hillary clinton in all five of the democratic contests last weekend .
"residents in virginia , maryland and the district of columbia were voting tuesday ."
polls in maryland and the district of columbia close at p . m .
at stake in the primaries are democratic delegates and total gop delegates .
virginia election officials also predicted a higher than normal turnout of to percent for the state s primaries .
"high turnout was reported in the northern part of the state and in richmond and charlottesville , according to virginia board of elections spokeswoman susan pollard ."
"there were reports of minute lines in counties around richmond , she said ."
"mark coakley , the general register for henrico county said the turnout in his richmond area county was record breaking ."
"it s our first ever dual primary so regardless it would be record breaking , he said ."
"at an alexandria , virginia , polling station , election officials said they were seeing a steady turnout ."
"we started out with over people at the gate when we opened up the doors at a . m . , election official chris tatem said ."
"argentina and chile will host the edition of the dakar rally , which was canceled this year because of fears of terrorism in africa ."
organizers said monday the race will start in buenos aires on january and finish in the argentine capital days later .
"the full route will be announced tuesday in argentina by patrice clerc , who runs the company that organizes the rally ."
the threat of terrorist attacks pushed the element of risk to levels organizers deemed unacceptable .
"the race , once known as the paris dakar , was canceled following warnings from the french government about safety after the al qaida linked december slaying of a family of french tourists in mauritania ."
washington cnn amir khan says he becomes frustrated and humiliated every time he enters the united states and federal agents search his computers .
"khan , a pakistani born u . s . citizen , says it has happened five times since ."
"he says agents with u . s . customs and border protection have even forced him to give them access to password protected , confidential information from his company and his banking records ."
"an it consultant who travels to europe , turkey and pakistan , khan says he has cooperated with the questions and searches but feels by now border agents should know he doesn t pose a threat ."
situations for travelers such as khan are at issue in a lawsuit filed last week by the electronic frontier foundation and asian law caucus in u . s . district court for the northern district of california .
"the san francisco , california based foundation , which works to defend people s rights in the digital world , says it knows of more than a dozen cases in which electronic devices such as cell phones , blackberries , mp players and laptops have been searched by customs agents ."
"in some cases , they have been confiscated and never returned ."
"the customs and border protection defends the searches , saying the agency does not need to show probable cause to look inside suitcases or laptops ."
"russ knocke , a spokesman for the department of homeland security , equates searches of electronic devices to those of papers in briefcases ."
"but marcia hoffman , an attorney for the foundation , says the searches go too far ."
"your laptop computer may contain your financial records , your e mail with your friends and your family and your co workers , records of the web sites you visit , confidential business information , hoffman says ."
the government can search your sensitive personal information at the border .
east timor declared a state of emergency tuesday after attacks on the country s top leaders in a failed coup left the president in extremely serious condition with gunshot wounds .
the assassination attempt monday against president jose ramos horta and the failed attack on prime minister xanana gusmao east timor s the independence icons thrust the desperately poor country into a fresh crisis amid fears of more unrest and political turmoil .
"surgeons operated on ramos horta for three hours overnight to remove bullet fragments and repair his chest wounds , dr . len notaros , the general manager of the royal darwin hospital , told the australian broadcasting corp . tuesday ."
"his condition remains extremely serious but by the same token , stable , notaros said . the next few days will be the telling point ."
"ramos horta , who won the nobel peace prize for his nonviolent resistance to the decades long indonesian occupation , was shot in the chest and stomach by gunmen in two cars around dawn monday , officials said ."
rebel soldiers separately attacked prime minister xanana gusmao s motorcade an hour later .
"he escaped unhurt . the country s top fugitive , alfredo reinado , and one of his men were killed in the attack on the president ."
acting president vicente gutterres announced the two day emergency in an address on national television .
the order allows authorities to ban demonstrations and gives police extended powers of search and arrest .
"washington cnn american fighter jets intercepted two russian bombers , one of which buzzed a u . s . aircraft carrier in the western pacific over the weekend , u . s . military officials told cnn monday ."
"one of them twice flew about , feet over the deck of the uss nimitz saturday while another flew about miles away , officials said ."
u . s . defense officials said four f a a fighter jets from the nimitz were in the air .
the russians and the u . s . carrier did not exchange verbal communications .
russian bombers have been making flights over the western pacific for several months .
"in september , two u . s . f fighters scrambled to intercept a plane that came within miles of the coastline ."
"among the latest , on september , six f s from elmendorf air force base , adjacent to anchorage , alaska , intercepted six russian bombers about miles from the northwest coast of alaska ."
"oil prices fell monday , retreating after spiking to almost a barrel on venezuelan president hugo chavez s threat to cut off oil sales to the united states in retaliation for legal moves by exxon mobil to seize some of his country s assets ."
"the spike came after chavez on sunday accused the irving , texas based oil company of acting in concert with washington , and vowed that the outlaws of exxon mobil will never again rob us ."
"exxon mobil has gone after the assets of venezuelan state oil company petroleos de venezuela in u . s . , british and dutch courts in challenges to the nationalization of a multibillion dollar oil project by chavez s government ."
"crude rose on word that oil exports from nigeria , africa s biggest oil producer and a major u . s . supplier , could fall by as much as million barrels a day due to the nation s deteriorating security situation and planned maintenance ."
nigeria is locked in a long running battle with rebels intent on hurting the nation s oil industry infrastructure .
brent crude fell cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
"he s the most prominent democrat yet to take a side in the presidential election , but two sources close to al gore tell us not to expect the former vice president to endorse either hillary clinton or barack obama any time during the primary season ."
"the sources say gore talks with both clinton and obama , and is on good terms with both ."
gore also will want to work closely with whoever wins the nomination to promote an environmental agenda .
sources close to both senate majority leader harry reid and house speaker nancy pelosi say neither individuals have endorsement plans .
"cnn police in northern india have arrested six islamic militants who were headed to the country s financial capital , mumbai , to carry out suicide attacks on the stock exchange , officials told cnn monday ."
the stock exchange in mumbai is the oldest in asia and one of the largest in the world and a symbol of the country s rapidly growing economy .
the train station that the militants allegedly targeted is used daily by thousands of commuters in the metropolis of more than million people .
yash told cnn that the militants are members of lashkar e tayyiba army of the pure .
the group is one of several fighting against indian rule in the disputed himalayan territory of kashmir .
"the u . s . state department has designated the group as a terrorist organization , which has claimed responsibility for several attacks against indian troops and civilians over the years ."
"yash , who heads uttar pradesh s anti terrorism task force , said the six men were headed to mumbai in two groups , both armed with weapons and grenades ."
"the militants had surveilled the area , set up a safehouse and were awaiting word from their superiors , he said ."
one of the men is suspected to have been involved in a new year s day attack on a paramilitary camp in uttar pradesh that killed eight people .
"information from him tipped police off to the others saturday , yash said ."
the himalayan territory of kashmir has been the source of bitter dispute and two wars between india and neighboring pakistan .
both control parts of the region which is predominantly muslim .
the state department said lashkar e tayyiba has several thousand members in the pakistan controlled part of kashmir and called it one of the three largest and best trained groups fighting against india .
"pakistani security forces on monday shot and wounded a well known taliban operative in southwestern pakistan near the afghan border , the military said ."
"dadullah and five others were seized near the gaddal post in qila saifullah , a town in baluchistan province in pakistan on the border with afghanistan , according to lt . col . baseer haider malik ."
malik said the group had been trying to enter pakistan from afghanistan .
"one of the five militants was killed , and dadullah and the four others were taken into custody in quetta , according to javeed iqbal cheema , interior ministry spokesman ."
nato s international security assistance force at the time called his death a serious blow to the resurgent taliban in the region .
cnn swiss police were scrambling monday in search of three masked men who stole four impressionist paintings worth about million million swiss francs sunday in a heist police characterized as spectacular .
"the three men entered the e . g . buehrle collection among the finest collections of impressionist and post impressionist art in the world in zurich , switzerland , at around p . m . cet a . m . et , police said ."
"one of the men threatened personnel at the museum s front door with a pistol and forced them to the ground , police said , while the other two men went into an exhibition room and stole four oil paintings by paul cezanne , edgar degas , claude monet and vincent van gogh ."
"afterward , the three men loaded the paintings monet s poppies near vetheuil , degas count lepic and his daughters , van gogh s blossoming chestnut branches and cezanne s boy in a red vest into a white car parked in front of the museum and then drove off , police said ."
"police said the men were wearing dark clothes and hoods , and one of them spoke german with a slavic accent . they were all of average height , police said ."
"there is a reward of , , swiss francs for information leading to the return of the paintings , police said ."
"the swiss art heist follows the recent theft in switzerland of two paintings by pablo picasso , bjoern quellenberg , a spokesman for the kunsthaus , a major art museum in zurich , said ."
"in that theft , thieves stole the paintings , the tete de cheval horse s head and the verre et pichet glass and pitcher by picasso ."
"they were on loan from a german museum and valued at . million when they were stolen february , according to news reports ."
"cnn aid workers have launched emergency responses to help people in rugged and poverty stricken central and western afghanistan , enduring what the united nations is describing as the harshest winter in nearly years ."
"hundreds of deaths have been reported this winter as a result of the frigid temperatures , which have dipped to minus degrees celsius , or minus degrees fahrenheit ."
"the more mountainous regions have seen up to centimeters , or nearly six feet of snow , and many of the regions slammed by the snow and cold are poorly accessible ."
"the united nations says many entities are trying to deal with the problem several u . n . agencies , afghan provincial authorities , the afghan national disaster management authority ."
"the u . n . office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs said in a recent report that some fatalities have been reported in herat , farah , badghis , and ghowr provinces"
the humanitarian group oxfam said more than people have died in the region .
oxfam is distributing blankets and coal and launched a program to employ people to clear snow .
"while the snow has mounted and the temperature has plunged to the low teens in parts of afghanistan , most of those who have lost their lives since december were either elderly people or children ."
"and the extreme conditions continue to make life miserable for tens of thousands of others , oxfam said in a statement last week ."
"the international organization for migration is distributing blankets , sweaters and shawls to , internally displaced families in three camps in herat province ,"
"serena di matteo , head of the iom sub office in herat , said , many of these people live in incredibly poor structures with practically no protection from the cold and have almost nothing ."
"washington cnn six men being held at guantanamo bay , cuba , will go before military commissions and could face the death penalty if it is judged they were involved in the september , , attacks , a general said monday ."
"the men will be treated like members of the u . s . military during their judicial proceedings , he said ."
"the government plans to make the proceedings as public as possible , said brig gen . thomas hartmann ."
"it s our obligation to move the process forward to give these people their rights , he said . we are going to give them rights that are virtually identical to the rights we provide to our military members ."
"despite hartmann s guarantees , charles swift , a former u . s . navy attorney , said the process will not afford detainees an adequate defense ."
he also raised concerns that trying and executing the men unfairly could make them martyrs in the eyes of extremists .
"hartmann , the legal adviser to the military commission trying the men , announced monday that the government will seek the death penalty against the six detainees , including alleged mastermind khalid shaikh mohammed ."
"among the charges leveled against the men are murder and conspiracy in violation of the law of war , attacking civilians and terrorism ."
"four of the suspects will also be charged with hijacking , hartmann said ."
"though the proceedings will not be televised , hartmann said the government intends to keep the proceedings as open as possible except when classified information is presented that could compromise national security ."
"london , england cnn the head of the anglican church has moved to defuse the row he sparked by suggesting that that some aspects of muslim sharia law could become part of uk law ."
"rowan williams , the archbishop of canterbury , has faced calls to resign from senior members of his church following a bbc interview in which he suggested the introduction of some parts of sharia was unavoidable ."
"his comments thursday provoked widespread criticism from politicians , including uk prime minister gordon brown , who dismissed the idea ."
"addressing the general synod , the church of england s national assembly , monday williams said he took responsibility for any unclarity and misleading choice of words and possible distress or misunderstanding they had caused , both to christians and the public at large ."
but he added i believe quite strongly that it is not inappropriate for a pastor of the church of england to discuss the perceived concerns of other religious communities and try to bring them into better public focus .
sharia law is a legal and social code designed to help muslims in their daily lives .
"it has proved controversial , however , because of its use in some muslim states to justify suppression of women s rights and extremely brutal forms of punishment , including beheadings ."
"in his bbc interview , williams strongly criticized the implementation of sharia to suppress human rights . however , he said that muslims should not have to choose between the stark alternatives of cultural loyalty or state loyalty ."
he also said that at present certain provisions of sharia are already recognized in our society and under our law .
"illinois sen . barack obama carries momentum from a sweep of weekend contests into this week s primaries in maryland , the district of columbia and virginia . new york sen . hillary clinton , meanwhile , is coming off a campaign shake up , while her advisers are seeking to lower expectations for this month s democratic contests ."
"obama came out ahead in sunday s democratic caucuses in maine after wins in saturday s louisiana primary and democratic caucuses in nebraska , washington and the u . s . virgin islands ."
"with percent of precincts reporting in maine , obama was leading clinton percent to percent ."
at stake are delegates to august s democratic national convention in denver .
"those contests gave him a lead over clinton in pledged delegates to the convention , but clinton still held a narrow edge over obama when superdelegates elected officials and party leaders are included in the tally , according to cnn estimates ."
those states have high concentrations of voters who have been strong clinton supporters latinos in texas and blue collar workers in ohio and pennsylvania .
"it s hard to see a win for sen . clinton into march , into ohio and texas , which i think was what they re counting on , trippi told cbs face the nation . but even that s in jeopardy , i think , as obama builds some momentum here ."
"a year old who was previously convicted of torching a palace has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed namdaemun , south korea s oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , authorities said on tuesday ."
"similarities between the sunday night fire and the blaze led to the investigation of a man identified only as mr . chae , said kim young su , chief of police of the namdaemun police station ."
chae had served time in prison for the palace fire .
"chae confessed to starting the fire , saying he was upset by a land grievance that led him to start the fire and by the sentence he was handed in that case , kim said ."
"chae said he chose namdaemun because it was easily accessible by public transportation and yet situated in a lightly populated area where the fire was unlikely to hurt people , according to police ."
"namdaemun was more than years old and stood at the center of seoul , having served as a main gate into the capital for centuries ."
the gate was considered a national symbol to koreans around the world .
"jerome kerviel , the man at the center of a multi billion trading scandal will be jailed while the investigation into his alleged fraud is conducted , his lawyer confirmed to cnn friday ."
a court in paris decided friday that kerviel should be detained days after he was released following questioning .
"the trader is an employee from fimat , a subsidiary of societe generale , the prosecutor s office said . kerviel , who traded european index futures"
"bank officials and the paris prosecutor have previously said they believe kerviel acted alone , though prosecutors have interviewed others , including mid level managers , as part of their probe ."
"kerviel , who could be sentenced to three years in prison , is free under judicial control while the case continues ."
"in his first public comment on the scandal earlier this week , kerviel told french news agency agence france presse that he would not take all of the blame for the losses ."
"adding to the alleged fraud , the bank also announced a nearly billion writedown because of the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis ."
"a fire has destroyed namdaemun , south korea s oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , fire officials said monday ."
"authorities are investigating the cause of the fire , which started around p . m . sunday and burned for hours ."
"more than a hundred firefighters poured water on the more than year old structure , trying to save it ."
"president elect lee myung bak visited the scene and deplored the landmark s destruction . people s hearts will ache , he told officials , the associated press reported ."
"the gate was closed to the public for nearly a century before being reopened in after a renovation , according to ap ."
"south korea s cultural heritage administration said it would take at least three years to fully restore the gate and it would cost some million , the ap reported ."
"cnn the risk of being jolted by , volts of electricity hasn t scared them off . neither have fears of falling off the speeding electric trains ."
the state transit agency told the english language newspaper jakarta post that it hopes the unique approach will deter passengers riding illegally on rooftops .
trains are the cheapest and fastest form of transportation for office workers commuting between the capital city jakarta and neighboring towns .
"throngs of thousands cram the trains during the morning and evening rush hours , making it impossible for everyone to snag space inside packed cars ."
"under the new plan , security officials at each station will mark roof riders with dye as trains depart . when the passengers disembark at their destination , officials can then easily identify them ."
"we will confiscate their ids and give them a ticket , akhmand sujadi , regional spokesman for the transit agency kerata api , told the newspaper . we will send a copy of the ticket to their family , their local neighborhood unit head , their employer , or , if they re students , their headmasters ."
"the offenders can reclaim their id cards once they write a letter regarding their behavior , to be signed by the person who received their ticket ."
"more than , passengers rode trains to and from work every day last year , the newspaper reported ."
the crush of passengers meant revenues of billion rupiahs . million for the system .
"but many commuters prefer to ride on top of passenger cars either due to a lack of space inside or because they can t afford the ticket , which start at , rupiahs ."
"at least rooftop riders died in the last two years , the newspaper reported ."
cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez threatened sunday to cut off his country s oil shipments to the united states if a court ruling goes forward ordering venezuelan assets be frozen in a case brought by exxon mobil .
"last week , exxon mobil obtained a court order freezing up to billion of venezuela s state owned oil company s worldwide assets after the chavez government forced the company out of two joint ventures last year ."
"britain s high court barred petroleos de venezuela s . a . pdvsa from selling assets up to that amount , exxon mobil spokeswoman margaret ross said last week ."
"the judgment stems from venezuela s june decision to take control of two projects it had entered into with exxon , the world s largest publicly traded oil company ."
"the united states is venezuela s biggest customer for the oil rich nation s petroleum products , importing about . million barrels of oil per day from venezuela , according to the u . s . department of energy ."
"cnn east timor president and nobel laureate jose ramos horta was shot twice , while prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unhurt monday in coordinated attacks blamed on rebel troops , officials said ."
"ramos horta was shot twice in the back , and one of the bullets tore through his abdomen , foreign minister zacarias da costa said ."
"but the wounds were not life threatening , he added ."
"gusmao was convening an emergency meeting of the island s government in dili , deputy prime minister jose luis gutteres told cnn ."
"the prime minister is in control of the situation , da costa said , adding that the overall situation in the country was stable and calm ."
ramos horta was in surgery at an australian military hospital in dili and was to be flown to a military hospital in darwin in australia s northern territory .
"killed in the attack were a bodyguard for the president and two attackers , da costa said ."
"one of them was rebel leader maj . alfredo reinado , said gutteres ."
"reinado , the australian trained former head of east timor s military police joined the revolt and became its leader ."
"he was later captured but broke out of prison and returned to lead disaffected troops , said damien kingsbury , an analyst at australia s deakin university ."
"illinois sen . barack obama will win sunday s democratic caucuses in maine , sweeping the weekend s presidential contests , cnn projects ."
"at stake are delegates to august s democratic national convention in denver , colorado ."
"obama s projected victory followed wins in saturday s louisiana primary and democratic caucuses in nebraska , washington and the u . s . virgin islands ."
"after saturday s results and a split decision in last week s super tuesday contests , clinton shook up her campaign sunday by replacing campaign manager patti solis doyle with a longtime adviser maggie williams , her campaign announced sunday ."
"although the next several states that hold nominating contests this month are more favorable to the obama campaign , we will continue to compete in them and hope to secure as many delegates as we can before the race turns to ohio , texas and pennsylvania , read a statement from clinton s campaign ."
"those states have high concentrations of voters who have been strong clinton supporters latinos in texas , and blue collar workers in ohio and pennsylvania ."
"but joe trippi , an adviser to former democratic contender john edwards , said sunday obama had a full head of steam after saturday s wins and was poised to win this week s potomac primaries in maryland , the district of columbia and virginia ."
"yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s military government , a target of sharp international criticism for failing to hand over power to a democratically elected government , announced saturday that it will hold elections in ."
the junta also said a national referendum to approve a new constitution will be held in may .
"the time has now come to change from military rule to democratic civilian rule , official announcements on state radio and television said ."
it was the first time the government has set dates for stages of its so called road map to democracy .
but the announcement was unlikely to mollify critics who say that the proposed constitution will likely be unfair and undemocratic .
"suu kyi s party reacted cautiously , noting the lack of detail on how the referendum would be carried out ."
"most of the country s leading pro democracy activists are in jail , many in connection with anti government demonstrations in august and september ."
"at least people died in the crackdown , according to a u . n . estimate ."
"the stars are filing in on the red carpet for sunday s th annual grammy awards , and among the early arrivals have been corinne bailey rae , montgomery gentry and sergeant pepper ."
keys is set to sing a duet with a virtual frank sinatra as well .
"i hope to one day be as classic as he is , she told cnn ."
"most of the plus honors are given out before the show , which will air on cbs at p . m . et ."
"to win a grammy is the highest honor for a musician , she said . it s a big honor and an exciting night forever ."
"one person who won t be around in person to accept awards is singer and songwriter amy winehouse , but she may be taking home a number of trophies anyway ."
"winehouse , the british singer and songwriter who has been in the news in recent months more for her public misbehavior than her music , is up for six awards sunday night , including nominations in the big four general categories album of the year , song of the year , record of the year and best new artist ."
cbs will air the show from los angeles staples center .
"london , england cnn an apparent false alarm early sunday triggered a massive air sea rescue operation to evacuate over workers from an oil rig in the north sea , police and the british coast guard said ."
"year old woman who works on the rig was taken on shore in connection with the incident , according to the local police force coordinating the operation ."
"grampian police are expected to formally detain and question the british woman once she is on land , a spokesman for the force said ."
"jake molley , from the british offshore workers union , said it appeared the alert was the result of someone with an overactive imagination ."
"in a statement , britannia operator limited , the oil company operating the rig , said the alert was raised following an allegation by a worker that there was a suspicious device on the installation ."
the british press association said the incident was sparked by threats made by a woman on board the vessel .
"a total of helicopters , including five royal air force helicopters , were scrambled to the safe scandinavia rig described as a floating accommodation unit after emergency services were contacted early sunday , british coast guard spokesman fred kaygill told cnn ."
a bomb disposal unit was also deployed to the scene .
"kaygill called it a security incident and said it is in no way , shape or form related to terrorism ."
britannia said of the rig s workers were evacuated to two nearby platforms before the operation came to a halt .
british athletes selected for this year s olympic games in beijing will be asked to sign a contract that forbids them from criticizing china s human rights record .
"graham nathan , spokesman for the british olympics association boa , told cnn that british athletes will have to sign a contract promising not to comment on any politically sensitive issues ."
he added that they won t go further than what is required by the international olympic committee charter which restricts demonstrations of political propaganda at an olympic games .
"athletes who refuse to sign the agreement will not be allowed to travel to compete in the games from august , according to a sunday newspaper report ."
"british olympic team members have long been required to sign a contract , but for the first time the commitment will include an undertaking not to comment on any politically sensitive issues ."
"the document refers athletes to section of the ioc charter which provides for no kind of demonstration , or political , religious or racial propaganda in the olympic sites , venues or other areas ."
"shadow culture secretary jeremy hunt hit out at the ruling , telling sky news i think the boa have been a little bit heavy handed on this ."
"they , i think , have rather over interpreted the ioc charter by making all our athletes sign this declaration ."
"i think that given america , canada , australia are explicitly saying that their athletes can say what they want when they go to beijing , i think it is inappropriate to put this restriction on our athletes ."
"one of the boy s legs , which was partially severed by the blast , was amputated , and doctors said they were unsure whether they could save his other leg , barzilai hospital in ashkelon said sunday , according to the associated press ."
"the boy s year old brother was also hurt by shrapnel from the qassam rocket , which landed in the southern israeli town of sderot saturday evening , officials said ."
he was said to be in moderate condition in hospital .
palestinian militants have fired more than qassam rockets into southern israel from gaza over the weekend .
the short range homemade missiles are fired from palestinian territories into israel communities on almost a daily basis .
"during a visit to sderot , israeli defense minister ehud barak warned there would be tough retaliation for the rocket attack , ap reported ."
"the first israeli strike saturday night killed a hamas militant in the town of rafah , an israeli military spokeswoman said ."
"the militant was involved in weapons smuggling , she said ."
"the other airstrikes , also directed at hamas , targeted a training camp in khan younis , a weapons cache in rafah and a weapons warehouse in gaza city , the spokeswoman said ."
officials in olmert s government and the opposition have been demanding harsh military action against the rocket fire .
"according to the jerusalem post , interior minister meir sheetrit was one of many who called for a broad military offensive ."
"nevertheless , israeli prime minister ehud olmert resisted pressure sunday to launch a broad offensive against gaza rocket squads ."
"there is no doubt that the pain is felt by all the outrage is natural , he said in remarks at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting sunday ."
"democratic presidential candidate sen . hillary clinton has replaced her campaign manager with a longtime adviser , maggie williams , the campaign announced sunday ."
"patti solis doyle has been reassigned to a senior adviser s job , the clinton campaign announced in a memo to its staff ."
"the move came a day after sen . barack obama swept three democratic contests , giving him considerable momentum heading into sunday s maine caucuses and three primaries tuesday ."
at stake are delegates .
"with obama s wins saturday in louisiana , nebraska , washington and the virgin islands , the illinois senator took the pledged delegate lead over clinton , according to cnn calculations ."
"but clinton has a edge among superdelegates , which leaves her leading the democratic race , , , according to cnn s calculations ."
"tuesday , clinton and obama will compete for pledged delegates in the district of columbia , in maryland and in virginia ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn the death toll in the bombing of a political gathering on saturday has risen to with more than people wounded in the attack , according to an associated press report ."
"the attack , which is likely to raise fears about greater election violence in pakistan , took place in the town of charsada in peshawar province between p . m . and p . m ."
the awami national party is a pashtun nationalist group based in pakistan s north west frontier .
"abdul waheed , , who suffered burns from the blast , said the bomber struck as a member of the party was reciting verses from islam s holy book , the quran ."
"television footage from the blast site , located in the sprawling residence of a party activist , showed the meeting hall littered with bloodstained clothes , police caps and overturned chairs ."
"policeman mohammed khan told associated press two policemen were among the dead , and several children had been killed or injured ."
"interior minister hamid nawaz said the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber who was very close to the stage where party officials were assembled , the associated press reported ."
local party leader afrasiab khattak was addressing the rally at the time but told dawn television he was unhurt .
nawaz said islamic militants had threatened to attack all political parties in northwest pakistan before parliamentary elections on february .
"sen . barack obama swept saturday s democratic contests , giving him considerable momentum heading into sunday s maine caucuses and three primaries tuesday ."
"john mccain , however , was handed a starkly different message from the gop , as voters in louisiana and kansas indicated they weren t ready to support the arizona senator . washington , however , backed the republican front runner over former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , according to state party officials ."
"mccain s camp congratulated huckabee on the victories but with an air of confidence , saying that huckabee threatened only to chip away at mccain s substantial lead in the gop race for the presidential nomination ."
"the reality is that john mccain is the presumptive nominee of our party , said campaign spokesman brian rogers . we ll campaign in these upcoming states as long as gov . huckabee is in the race , but our main focus is on uniting the republican party for victory in november ."
"though cnn calculations estimate that huckabee would need to snare hundreds more delegates to catch mccain , the democrats are in a much tighter race ."
"with obama s wins in louisiana , nebraska , washington and the virgin islands on saturday , the illinois senator took the pledged delegate lead over rival sen . hillary clinton , according to cnn calculations as of sunday afternoon ."
"but if you count clinton s to edge among superdelegates , clinton is still leading the democratic race , to , , according to cnn s sunday calculations ."
they want to write a new chapter in american history .
clinton was unfazed by saturday s upsets and continued to present herself as the most viable candidate to defeat mccain in the general election .
"if i m your nominee , you will never have to worry that i will be knocked out of the ring because i do have the strength and experience to lead this country , she said . and i am ready to go toe to toe with senator mccain whenever and wherever he desires ."
"the popular anti wrinkle drug botox and a competitor have been linked to dangerous botulism symptoms in some users , cases so bad that a few children given the drugs for muscle spasms have died , the government warned friday ."
"the food and drug administration s warning includes both botox , a wrinkle specific version called botox cosmetic , and its competitor , myobloc , drugs that all use botulinum toxin to block nerve impulses , causing them to relax ."
"in rare cases , the toxin can spread beyond the injection site to other parts of the body , paralyzing or weakening the muscles used for breathing and swallowing , a potentially fatal side effect , the fda said ."
"botox is best known for minimizing wrinkles by paralyzing facial muscles but botulinum toxin also is widely used for a variety of muscle spasm conditions , such as cervical dystonia or severe neck spasms ."
"the fda said the deaths it is investigating so far all involve children , mostly cerebral palsy patients being treated for spasticity in their legs ."
"the fda has never formally approved that use for the drugs , but some other countries have ."
"while the fda said the problems may be related to overdoses , it also has reports of side effects with a variety of doses ."
"london , england cnn britain s home office has signed an extradition order that will send accused terrorist abu hamza al masri to the united states for prosecution , cnn has confirmed ."
"al masri , a one eyed , hook handed preacher , already is imprisoned in britain for inciting racial hatred at his north london mosque ."
his legal team has days to appeal the decision .
"if he does not appeal , he could be handed over to u . s . authorities within days ."
"al masri , who lost both hands and one eye working in afghanistan , is the highest profile radical islamic figure in britain ."
he formerly preached at the finsbury park mosque in london .
"his followers included the so called shoe bomber richard reid who was convicted of trying to light a bomb in his shoes on a trans atlantic flight and zacarias moussaoui , the only person to be charged in the united states in connection with the september , , terror attacks ."
the egyptian born cleric began serving a seven year prison sentence in after being convicted in a british court of soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred .
"but he is also facing terrorism related charges in the united states , which has promised to press for his extradition when british law allows ."
"if al masri is given a prison sentence following a u . s . trial , he would return to england to complete the rest of his sentence there before flying back to be imprisoned in the united states ."
"chad s president claimed his government was in control of the entire country wednesday , speaking to journalists for the first time since rebels tried to remove him from power ."
"a western source and local sources said the rebels had been pushed back to about km miles north of the capital of n djamena , after flooding the"
city saturday in an attempt to overthrow the government .
"the fighting forced thousands to flee , most of them going to kousseri , cameroon , just across a river from n djamena ."
"that would mean french troops , who are already in the capital , could use force against the rebels . four u . s . embassy staff members have set up temporary operations at n djamena s airport ."
"there still are a number of other americans out there , including some in fairly remote areas who have expressed an interest in leaving , and we re going to continue to work to assist them to be able to do so , state department spokesman tom casey said wednesday ."
"the embassy staff have helped evacuate about americans in recent days , including yesterday , officials said ."
"cnn sen . john mccain cemented his front runner status tuesday , according to cnn projections ."
democratic voters remain evenly split over which of their candidates they would rather see get the nomination .
"sen . barack obama won more states tuesday , but sen . hillary clinton won states with higher delegate counts ."
mccain capped the night by taking california and its delegates .
"on the democratic side , clinton took california , according to cnn projections ."
"while most republican contests are winner take all , most democratic contests are awarded proportionally based on the number of congressional districts won ."
clinton took the larger share of california s democratic delegates .
"we know what we need is someone ready on day one to solve our problems and seize those opportunities , clinton said tuesday . because when the bright lights are off and the cameras are gone , who can you count on to listen to you , to stand up for you , to deliver solutions for you ?"
"mccain also won connecticut , illinois , missouri , new jersey , new york , oklahoma , delaware and arizona , his home state , according to cnn projections ."
"mccain has gathered delegates so far in his presidential campaign , including tonight s projections ."
"former massachusetts gov . mitt romney has delegates , and former arkansas gov . mike huckabee has ."
"romney got wins in alaska , colorado , massachusetts , minnesota , montana and utah ."
"one thing that s clear this campaign s going on , romney said . i think there s some people who thought that it was all going to be done tonight , but it s not all done tonight . we re going to keep on battling ."
"in addition to georgia , huckabee picked up alabama , arkansas , tennessee and west virginia ."
"to clinch the nomination , a republican candidate must win , delegates ."
tuesday s contests did not produce a front runner on the democratic side .
"our time has come , our movement is real and change is coming to america , obama said tuesday ."
"the biggest prizes that obama won were his home state of illinois and georgia , and a larger share of the delegates in those states ."
"obama also won alabama , alaska , colorado , connecticut , delaware , idaho , kansas , minnesota , missouri , north dakota and utah ."
"between those states , he would be awarded the larger share of delegates ."
"clinton was also projected to win her home state of new york , new jersey and massachusetts , and the larger share of the delegates at stake in those states ."
"clinton also won arizona , arkansas , oklahoma and tennessee , and the larger share of the delegates in those states ."
cnn vote counting has begun across the u . s . on one of the key dates in the race to become the next u . s . president with projected wins for each of the major runners .
"super tuesday has some of the biggest prizes of the primary season including california , new york , illinois , new jersey , missouri and georgia up for grabs as voters make their party choices in states and american samoa ."
"in the democratic races , cnn projections indicated wins for hillary clinton in new york , tennessee , oklahoma and arkansas where her husband was once governor ."
"barack obama has cnn projected wins in his home state of illinois , georgia , delaware and alabama ."
"on the republican side , cnn projects arizona senator john mccain to win new york , illinois , new jersey , connecticut and delaware"
clinton cast her vote in the new york s democratic presidential primary tuesday morning at an elementary school polling station with her husband and daughter .
"she has campaigned on the contention that her eight years as first lady and senate experience makes her more qualified than obama , who has been a u . s . senator for just four years ."
we just need a president who s ready on day one to turn the economy around and become commander in chief and get our country back on the right track . clinton said tuesday
"democratic party chairman howard dean told cnn i dare say this is not going to be over certainly tonight , and maybe not for a month from now ."
"more than four fifths of the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and more than , of the , necessary delegates on the republican side are at stake ."
"mccain , out on the streets of manhattan with former new york mayor rudy guiliani who is backing him after dropping out of the republican race last week said he is the republican who can win the white house by gaining the support of independent voters ."
"we will continue to lead and we will be , as ronald reagan said , a shining city on a hill ."
"meanwhile romney , speaking to cnn s america morning from charleston , west virginia , said that a victory for him in california and other key states would indicate the conservative voices in our party are standing up ."
cnn voters across america are heading to the polls for what could be a pivotal day in deciding which democratic and republican presidential hopefuls face off in the race to the white house .
"some of the biggest prizes of the primary season california , new york , illinois , new jersey , missouri and georgia are up for grabs on super tuesday , when voters make their party choices in of the states , as well as american samoa ."
"at stake are more than four fifths of the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and more than , of the , necessary delegates on the republican side ."
this year s presidential race is generating more interest than usual because of its open nature .
"the republican battle between arizona senator john mccain , former massachusetts governor mitt romney and former arkansas governor mike huckabee could be decided in tuesday s vote with more than , of the , delegates needed to clinch the presidential nomination at stake ."
"while last minute polls indicate romney has gained ground against mccain in california , romney is likely to split races with huckabee in the south , republican strategist john feehery said ."
"in the northeastern states and midwest , i think john mccain is going to win , feehery said . i think it s really hard for mitt romney to get this nomination ."
"the democratic race between illinois senator barack obama and new york senator hillary clinton , is already extremely close , with neither side expected to deliver a knock out blow ."
"obama has taken first blood , with democratic party supporters voting abroad in indonesia where obama spent four years of his childhood picking him over clinton ."
"but obama and clinton are likely to split the delegates fairly evenly , democratic analyst peter fenn said ."
"california is clearly up for grabs now . . . unless one or the other gets annihilated , i think they go on to many more tuesdays ."
"obama garnered percent of registered democrats , while clinton trailed by just percentage points ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn the man chosen to be chief mediator between fighting factions in kenya has withdrawn after reservations were expressed by the kenyan government ."
details of why the government were concerned at cyril ramaphosa s proposed role were not immediately apparent .
"a spokesman for kofi annan , who has been overseeing efforts to resolve the crisis , said the former u . n . secretary general reluctantly accepts ramaphosa s withdrawal ."
he told the associated press he could not function as mediator without the complete confidence of both parties .
news of his rejection came as the two sides resumed talks .
"violence has been sweeping through kenya since elections at the end of december , when opposition leader raila odinga accused president mwai kibaki of rigging the vote to win re election ."
"at least people have died and another , have been driven from their homes , the kenyan red cross said ."
"the new york giants thrilling win over the new england patriots was the most watched super bowl ever , with . million viewers , nielsen media research said monday ."
"the game eclipsed the previous super bowl record of . million , set when dallas defeated pittsburgh in ."
"more people watched sunday s game than all but one american television broadcast ever , the m a s h finale in , which was seen by million viewers ."
the game had almost all the ingredients fox could have hoped for
"a tight contest with an exciting finish involving a team that was attempting to make history as the nfl s first unbeaten team since . but the giants ended new england s bid for perfection , ."
the average price of an ad was . million for seconds .
"raymond jacobs , believed to be the last surviving member of the group of marines photographed during the original u . s . flag raising on iwo jima during world war ii , has died at age ."
"jacobs died january of natural causes at a redding hospital , his daughter , nancy jacobs , told the associated press ."
"newspaper accounts from the time show he was on the mountain during the initial raising of a smaller american flag , though he had returned to his unit by the time the more"
famous ap photograph was taken of a second flag raising later the same day .
"however , other negatives from the same roll of film show the radioman is jacobs , said retired col . walt ford , editor of leatherneck ."
jacobs was honorably discharged in .
"he was called up during the korean conflict in before retiring as a sergeant , his daughter said ."
"jacobs retired in from ktvu tv in oakland , where he worked years as a reporter , anchor and news director ."
"bogota , colombia cnn millions of colombians wearing white t shirts marched in their homeland and abroad monday , to demand the country s largest rebel group stop kidnapping people and release those it holds ."
"the idea of the protests against the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as the farc , was born less than a month ago on the social networking web site facebook , and more than , people in cities around the world confirmed their participation ."
"the protests were concentrated in colombia and latin american capitals , though there were smaller protests in other places including spain , sweden , hungary , france , italy , india and the united states ."
"in colombia s capital , the protest swelled , with long lines of people shouting freedom !"
freedom !
"in between reports , the channels aired proof of life videos of hostages who remain captive in the farc s camps in the jungle ."
"an estimated . million people turned out for different events across colombia , according to police operations commander gen . jose riano ."
"i hope the farc is listening , said former hostage clara rojas , who took part in the march in the capital . she was freed last month after nearly six years in captivity ."
"colombia s government says the farc is holding more than hostages , including three u . s . military contractors and former french colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , whom it is trying to swap for imprisoned rebels ."
"talks between the rebels and venezuelan president hugo chavez recently led to the release of two hostages , including rojas ."
"the fbi is gearing up to create a massive computer database of people s physical characteristics , all part of an effort the bureau says to better identify criminals and terrorists ."
but it s an issue that raises major privacy concerns what one civil liberties expert says should concern all americans .
"the bureau is expected to announce in coming days the awarding of a billion , year contract to help create the database that will compile an array of biometric information from palm prints to eye scans ."
"kimberly del greco , the fbi s biometric services section chief , said adding to the database is important to protect the borders to keep the terrorists out , protect our citizens , our neighbors , our children so they can have good jobs , and have a safe country to live in ."
but it s unnerving to privacy experts .
"it s the beginning of the surveillance society where you can be tracked anywhere , any time and all your movements , and eventually all your activities will be tracked and noted and correlated , said barry steinhardt , director of the american civil liberties union s technology and liberty project ."
the fbi already has million sets of fingerprints on file .
"in coming years , the bureau wants to compare palm prints , scars and tattoos , iris eye patterns , and facial shapes ."
"a lot will depend on how quickly technology is perfected , according to thomas bush , the fbi official in charge of the clarksburg , west virginia , facility where the fbi houses its current fingerprint database ."
"fingerprints will still be the big player , bush , assistant director of the fbi s criminal justice information services division , told cnn ."
the fbi says it will protect all this personal data and only collect information on criminals and those seeking sensitive jobs .
"beijing , china cnn monday brought welcome relief to millions of chinese migrant workers desperate to see their families , as the nation s transportation system seemed to be getting back on its feet after being paralyzed by a historic winter storm ."
"still , as some roads became traversable , more and more images of devastation from the past couple of weeks became apparent ."
the government has already estimated damage from the storm the worst in years at more than billion .
"prime minister wen jiabao said monday that electricity supply is gradually resuming and transport services are basically back to normal , and the country s production and life are in normal conditions , according to state run xinhua news agency ."
"the ministry of civil affairs said at least , homes have been crushed and another , damaged , according to xinhua ."
"more than , passengers made it safely onto trains in a hour period , said xian wei xiong , guangzhou s transportation director ."
"jiao meiyan , director general of china s national meteorological center , predicted fairly good weather in most of south china through the end of"
"the week , giving the nation a chance to clear clogged highways and move goods ."
"still , forecasters warned temperatures could be freezing at night ."
"another cold front is expected to sweep through china in the coming week , but is expected to be short and relatively mild ."
"iran fired a rocket from its newly inaugurated space center monday , laying the groundwork for what it says will be the future launch of its first domestically produced satellite , the semi official fars news agency reported ."
"monday s launch came a short time after iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad inaugurated the center monday , according to the state run islamic republic news agency ."
"ahmadinejad said iran s first step in the field of space technology had been taken wisely and precisely , irna reported ."
"with the launch , iran has joined the world s top countries possessing space technology to build satellites , and launch rockets into space , state tv said ."
"in february , iran announced the launch of its first satellite into space , the state run iranian students news agency reported at the time . but the satellite did not reach orbit ."
"amid fears in the west that iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , some experts believe iran s space program is possibly a cover to improve its military ballistic missiles ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn assassinated pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto s party will restart its campaign this week to unseat president pervez musharraf s ruling party from parliament following the end of its self imposed mourning period ."
bhutto s pakistan people s party stopped campaigning for a day period after her december assassination .
"other opposition parties recently restarted their campaigns after a temporary suspension in observation of the holy month of muharram , which ended last week ."
"security will be tight at upcoming political rallies and it is unclear if pakistanis will stay away in large numbers , fearing a repeat of the attack that left bhutto and others dead after a ppp rally in rawalpindi , near islamabad ."
opposition parties are hoping to seize on musharraf s rising unpopularity to wrest control of the parliament .
"elections in pakistan have always taken place amid allegations of fraud , but analysts say this time the fears of slanted elections carry more weight because the upcoming vote follows a particularly tumultuous year ."
"was decisively anti democracy , analyst ahmed bilal mehboob said . it really shattered the hopes ."
"in a recent poll , just percent of pakistanis believed the election will be free and fair ."
"mr . musharraf cannot afford to hold free and fair elections because if he does that , he loses very badly , said former pakistani premier and opposition leader nawaz sharif ."
"sharif s pakistan muslim league n party will participate in the election , despite its concerns about vote rigging ."
but musharraf s ruling pakistan muslim league q party said the system is fair .
"with a new poll showing their race in a virtual dead heat nationally , the democratic presidential candidates are making their final pitches monday to voters before super tuesday ."
hillary clinton and barack obama made campaign swings in the northeast as nearly two dozen states get ready to hold contests in what will virtually be a national primary .
"at a roundtable discussion in new haven , connecticut , clinton returned to two issues she repeatedly has touched on , health care and the economic concerns of the middle class ."
"and even if you make what used to be considered good wages , they don t cover the increase in costs , in everything from energy to health care ."
"during the roundtable discussion at yale university , clinton became teary eyed a moment that harkened back to her much talked about display of emotion on the eve of the new hampshire primary when she was introduced by penn rhodeen , a public interest lawyer who worked with clinton when she was in college ."
"obama on monday emphasized his ability to attract independents and republicans in an appearance in east rutherford , new jersey , home of the new super bowl champions , the new york giants ."
"obama was introduced by actor robert de niro and joined on stage by sen . edward kennedy . kennedy is a massachusetts democrat and a fan of the new england patriots , the team the giants beat sunday night ."
"and for me to be able to bring a patriots fan to the meadowlands the day after the super bowl is like bringing the lion and the lamb together , obama said ."
"the senator from illinois also said he would be the best candidate to beat sen . john mccain of arizona , the emerging front runner in the gop presidential race , because of his early opposition to the iraq war ."
"in a january cnn opinion research poll , clinton led obama percent to percent . that poll also had a margin of error of plus or minus . percentage points ."
"those five surveys were done by cnn opinion research , gallup , pew , abc and cbs ."
"lewis hamilton endured racist taunts from spectators during formula one testing at barcelona s montmelo circuit , spanish media reported on sunday ."
"the year old from britain , f s first black driver , was jeered and insulted when he moved between the mclaren motorhome and the team s garage ."
"circuit director ramon pradera instructed staff to erect barriers around the team s paddock for hamilton s safety , the reports said ."
"we would like to make a plea to the fans to behave correctly , pradera said . no type of offensive behavior can be tolerated ."
"hamilton has become an unpopular figure in spain because of his rivalry with former mclaren team mate , spaniard fernando alonso , who has now switched back to renault . a mclaren representative said"
"mclaren has raced and tested on spanish circuits for many years and everyone connected with the team regards spain and spanish people with great affection , lewis included ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn an explosion near a bus carrying army personnel killed four people in pakistan on monday , police told cnn ."
"the explosion happened close to a market and near the military s general headquarters in rawalpindi , said bustan khan , assistant sub inspector of the rawalpindi police . the attack occurred about a . m . monday"
"the bus was destroyed and as many as people were wounded in the explosion , acccording to the state run associated press of pakistan ."
"the blast occurred on a road running through a bazaar near the offices of the army s engineering department , police official abdul waheed told the associated press ."
it was not immediately clear which branch of the armed forces the passengers were from . police said the army had cordoned off the area .
"in recent months there have been a series of suicide bombings in rawalpindi , a city where the army has its headquarters about seven miles km from the capital islamabad ."
president pervez musharraf also stays in the city .
"on december , opposition leader benazir bhutto and about others died in a gun and bomb attack in rawalpindi ."
"before that , a series of attacks hit security forces and employees of pakistan s inter services intelligence agency , including two suicide bombings against a bus of isi employees and an army checkpoint on november that killed up to people ."
"california first lady maria shriver on sunday endorsed sen . barack obama for the democratic nomination for president , becoming the latest member of the kennedy clan to line up behind the senator from illinois ."
california s primary is the largest of about two dozen contests scheduled for this week s super tuesday contest .
"i would ask you to go out , to follow your heart , to be proud that you re doing that , and remember that so goes california , so goes the nation , she said ."
shriver is the niece of massachusetts sen . edward kennedy and president kennedy .
"during sunday s event , schlossberg appeared with shriver , obama s wife , michelle , and talk show host oprah winfrey ."
"i m proud to be standing here not just with these women , but with all of you different races , different age groups i m sure , democrats and independents alike because you believe , she said ."
"you believe in each and every one of yourselves , most importantly . and you believe that you have found someone who believes in you ."
"members of the kennedy clan are split in the race between obama and hillary clinton , the new york senator and former first lady who leads published polls in california . former maryland lt . gov . kathleen kennedy townsend , the daughter of robert kennedy , and her brother bobby and sister kerry are backing clinton ."
cnn software giant microsoft said friday it had made an unsolicited offer to buy internet search engine operator yahoo ! with a cash and stock bid worth . billion .
"to gain illegal control over the internet , the associated press reported ."
"the critical remarks , posted online sunday by google s top lawyer , represented the mountain view based company s first public reaction to microsoft s unsolicited bid for yahoo ! since the offer was announced , ap reported ."
"microsoft s hostile bid for yahoo ! raises troubling questions , david drummond , google s chief legal officer , wrote , ap reported ."
microsoft ceo steve ballmer said the move marked the next major milestone for the washington based company .
"yahoo ! shares rose nearly percent in pre market trading on news of the approach , while microsoft shares were down . percent , cnn money reported ."
the announcement comes with microsoft and yahoo !
"seeking to compete with google in the lucrative online advertising market , currently worth billion and expected to grow to billion within three years ."
"microsoft s consistent belief has been that the combination of microsoft and yahoo ! clearly represents the best way to deliver maximum value to our respective shareholders , as well as create a more efficient and competitive company that would provide greater value and service to our customers , microsoft ceo ballmer said in a letter to yahoo ! s board of directors ."
"earlier this week , yahoo ! announced plans to lay off , employees by mid february , citing what ceo jerry yang described as headwinds facing the company ."
it also reported lower fourth quarter earnings though still ahead of wall street s modest expectations for the firm .
"colombo , sri lanka cnn twelve people were killed and almost wounded , most of them students , when a woman blew herself up near a train as it was pulling into a station sunday in sri lanka s capital , colombo , police said ."
"five students and a coach from d . s . senanayake college , a prestigious grade school in colombo , were killed ."
"a student from another colombo private school holy family convent college also was killed , as were two college students and a policeman ."
the two other victims have not been identified .
"the blast occurred just hours after a grenade detonated inside sri lanka s central zoo sunday morning , wounding at least six people ."
"sunday , a holiday in sri lanka , is a time when hundreds flock to the zoo and other attractions ."
police said they think the attack at the zoo was intended to cause panic rather than casualties .
"the suicide bombing took place as a train was pulling into fort station the country s main railway station in colombo s city center , authorities said ."
"the casualties included both passengers in the train and others who were waiting on the platform , police said ."
"the government blamed the rebel group , the tamil tigers , for the train blast saying the group often uses suicide bombers in its attacks ."
"in recent days , sri lanka already in chaos as government and rebels continue a deadly battle has seen a rise in civilian casualties despite heightened security ahead of the country s independence day celebrations monday ."
"on saturday , a bomb explosion on a bus in a tourist town north of colombo on saturday killed people and sent at least others to the hospital , authorities said ."
the island nation in southeast asia has been in turmoil since the government withdrew from a cease fire january between its forces and the separatist tamil tigers .
"germany insists it will not send more troops to afghanistan and it will not move them to the restive south , despite a reported request from the united states ."
"defense minister franz josef jung said friday that the , german troops already in afghanistan fulfilled germany s mandate , and that he felt the country was doing enough to support the nato mission ."
jung spoke at a news conference after german news outlets reported u . s . defense secretary robert gates had sent a letter in which he demanded greater participation in southern afghanistan .
"jung did not speak about the letter s contents , but the sueddeutsche zeitung newspaper reported the it was formal and direct and written in an unusually sharp tone ."
"gates letter requested a contribution to a reinforcement of , troops for the nato mission in southern afghanistan , the newspaper reported , especially with the helicopter units and paratroopers in the south ."
"gates speaks of a threatening division in the alliance and warns of a loss of reliability , the paper reported . he describes the overstretching of u . s . armed forces ."
"jung said he would not move or increase the number of german troops , who are currently based in the north ."
"we ve agreed to a clear division of the regions we will cover , jung said ."
"pentagon spokesman brian whitman said gates had sent letters to several defense ministers asking them to provide troops to replace the , u . s . marines being sent to afghanistan ."
"two days after reaching a plan with the kenyan government to end violence that has wracked the country for more than a month , the opposition party asked both the united nations and the african union to send in peacekeepers ."
"the level of violence in kenya is unprecedented . it s on a terrifying scale and it has not really diminished , salim lone , spokesman for the orange democratic movement , told cnn from london ."
"the killing continued over the weekend , as machete wielding tribal gangs roamed the western part of the country , torching homes and hunting each other down ."
"the security forces seem incapable of stopping this carnage , and in some cases , they actually stand by while the killing goes on , lone said . for sure , international assistance is needed ."
"odm leader raila odinga called for peacekeepers in kenyaduring a meeting with secretary general ban ki moon at the african union summit in addis ababa , ethiopia ."
"people who have lived together for generations have , after the fraudulent election , turned on each other , lone said ."
"the spasm of political violence erupted soon after the december elections , when odinga accused president mwai kibaki of rigging the vote to win re election ."
"bloody street battles between supporters of kibaki a member of the kikuyu tribe and odinga , who belongs to the luo tribe , soon took on ethnic overtones ."
"at least people have died and another , driven from their homes , the kenyan red cross said ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil cnn brazilian beauties wearing only sequins led carnival parades lasting until dawn sunday as second division samba groups used a kaleidoscope of colorful dancers and floats to launch the biggest part of rio s five day bash ."
"led by a two story golden lion , the samba group estacio de sa kicked off the party in a hail of fireworks and roars from crowds waving the flags of their favorite samba groups at the , seat sambadrome stadium ."
"backlit with a purple neon glow , the towering float was surrounded by scores of dancers in skintight lion costumes and followed by an army of women spinning in gold and red hoop skirts and elaborate headdresses fashioned from crystal globes and feathers ."
"only a warm up for a bigger competition among the city s top samba schools , which mount minute parades on sunday and monday nights to impress a panel of judges and be declared the year s champion ."
"two girls ages and were killed early sunday and people were injured in the small southeastern city of sabara when a tractor trailer carrying a band hit them during the mama africa street carnival party , the city reported on its web site ."
"the web site of the folha de s . paulo newspaper said the truck s brakes failed , but the city did not cite a cause ."
"after two straight days of sunny weather in rio de janeiro , rain poured down sunday and threatened to swamp the parade at night , making it difficult for the samba groups to pull off their elaborately scripted routines with hundreds of dancers and multiple floats ."
"general motors corp . will introduce a new hybrid full size pickup and a concept hybrid truck this week at the chicago auto show , betting that pickup drivers have been itching to jump on the hybrid bandwagon ."
"gm says the gmc sierra hybrid gets a percent improvement in fuel economy without compromising performance , while its gmc denali xt concept a low slung , muscular utility vehicle gets percent better fuel economy than a comparable small pickup ."
"the suvs are expected to go on sale early this year , while the silverado and sierra are scheduled to hit the market at the end of ."
"the two mode system got a lot of buzz late last year at the los angeles auto show , where the hybrid chevrolet tahoe was named the green car of the year by the green car journal ."
"like single mode hybrid systems now used by toyota motor corp . , ford motor co . and others , the two mode runs without the gas engine at low speeds ."
"but at higher speeds , the electric motor in the two mode hybrid contributes more power ."
the two mode system also is better for towing .
"mark laneve , gm s vice president of north america sales , service and marketing , has said the company expects about percent of pickup drivers to opt for the hybrid system ."
"gm sold , sierras in ."
"cnn carrying blankets and bed sheets on their heads , thousands of refugees fleeing fighting in chad s capital n djamena crossed a drought stricken river to get to neighboring cameroon sunday , local officials and journalists said ."
"the violence in chad has opened up a new conflict next to sudan s war torn darfur region , where more than , people have died since early and . million people have been forced into refugee camps ."
"government forces , under the direction of chad s president idriss deby , continued a bloody battle for power in n djamena against the rebels , according to a french military spokesman ."
"between , and , rebel soldiers armed with rifles roamed n djamena s streets in pickup trucks , the spokesman said ."
"the rebels entered the city on saturday , local officials and journalists said ."
chadian ambassador to the united states mahamoud adam bechir said the rebels were mercenaries supported by the government in neighboring sudan .
he said sudan wanted to destabilize chad s government .
both the sudanese and chadian governments have previously accused one another of fomenting violence in the other s country by giving support to rebel groups .
"on sunday , the chadian refugees flooded the cameroon town of kousseri , which lies just across the border from n djamena , according to helene caux , a spokeswoman for the united nations high commissioner for refugees in geneva ."
"some , french forces are helping evacuate hundreds of foreign nationals from n djamena"
foreign nationals left on saturday and another were slated to leave on sunday .
"also on sunday , u . n . staff were evacuated from the chadian capital to the west african country of gabon ."
"incumbent boris tadic narrowly won a second term as serbia s president after a runoff sunday with ultranationalist rival tomislav nikolic , according to preliminary figures from election monitors ."
"nikolic was an ally of former yugoslav strongman slobodan milosevic , and he supports closer ties with russia , serbia s historical ally ."
"he forced tadic into a runoff in the first round of voting january , leading a field of nine with about percent of the vote ."
"looming over the campaign was the drive for independence by the serbian province of kosovo , which has been under u . n . administration and policed by nato peacekeepers since ."
"both tadic and nikolic opposed independence for the majority albanian province , which nationalists consider the cradle of serb civilization ."
"but jelena subotic , an analyst at georgia state university in atlanta , said the candidates differed in how they will deal with the political reality ."
"what this does , actually , is it allows tadic a little more breathing room domestically to prepare serbian public opinion for what is pretty obviously an inevitable conclusion , subotic told cnn ."
"paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy married former model carla bruni on saturday at the elysee palace , according to the official who performed the ceremony ."
"the bride wore white she was ravishing , as usual , francois lebel , mayor of paris eighth arrondissement , or neighborhood , told europe radio ."
the groom wasn t bad either .
"it was a historic occasion , the first time in the history of the republic that a president has got married in office , as lebel said ."
"sarkozy , , and bruni , , were married in the presence of about close family and friends , lebel said ."
"i wished them a lot of happiness , he said ."
"under french law , couples must tie the knot before a mayor to make their union official ."
"at a news conference in january , sarkozy revealed that the relationship was serious and hinted that wedding plans were in the works ."
"sarkozy s approval ratings dropped during their courtship in part , analysts say , because many older , more traditional voters were put off by his glitzy , jet setting style ."
"during their romance , sarkozy was nicknamed the bling bling president by the media ."
"he reportedly gave bruni a pink heart shaped diamond dior engagement ring , while she gave him a swiss made patek philippe watch ."
"the wedding was the third for sarkozy , who has three children ."
"it was the first for bruni , an italian born heiress who had a major modeling career and a well publicized love life ."
"bruni , now a singer , dated rockers mick jagger and eric clapton , tycoon donald trump and actor vincent perez ."
"she has a young son , aurelien , from a relationship with philosophy professor raphael enthoven ."
"guangzhou , china cnn last week , a rare winter storm paralyzed china s transportation system as millions tried to get home to celebrate the holiday the only chance for many migrant workers to see their families all year ."
china s state run xinhua news agency said friday that percent of rail traffic had returned to normal . but guangzhou s train station remained packed with a backlog of hundreds of thousands of travelers hoping to get home for the holiday .
"a young woman was trampled in a stampede at the train station friday , and later died of her injuries , according to xinhua ."
police officers tried to keep order .
one officer lifted a small child above the crowd as the child s mother clutched the officer s coat .
a woman who fainted was carried over the mob to receive medical help .
"china sunday announced it has deployed over , people s liberation army forces to southern china in what it described as a war on wintry weather ."
"the winter storm china s worst in years has already been blamed for the deaths of at least people around the country , including who died when a bus plunged off a slippery mountain road in the southwestern guizhou province ."
the government has reported . billion in damage from the storm .
the government also announced a million plan to help farmers whose crops have been destroyed .
"after transportation around the country began to be shut down saturday , authorities called on millions of migrant workers to forgo their annual lunar new year trip home ."
"for the sake of their safety , and relieving the stress on transport , i advise migrant workers to stay in the cities where they work , zheng guogang , chief of the china meteorological administration , told the state newspaper , china daily ."
"but for an estimated million people , the annual trek is a critical opportunity to see family and the vast majority travel by train ."
"the storm spiraled into a crisis in some areas , with authorities worried about potential loss of critical supplies ."
"some have already lost power , and local authorities say diesel and even rice could run out in a matter of days ."
"the remaining contenders for the presidency kicked off their final maneuvers for super tuesday , fine tuning their closing messages in appearances on the sunday talk shows and fanning out across the nation for an exhaustive list of last minute campaign stops ."
"sen . john mccain of arizona expressed some hope of clinching his party s nomination tuesday and , minutes later , found himself speaking on live national television with sen . hillary clinton of new york , who has vowed she is the democrat best prepared to beat him in a general election ."
"smiling and exchanging pleasantries briefly on fox news sunday , the two apparently unaware they d appear together live between their separate interviews from different cities vowed that if selected for their parties nominations they would have a respectful debate focusing on serious differences ."
clinton is locked in a neck and neck race with illinois sen . barack obama .
"i think we got a lot of good momentum and a lot of endorsements and crowds who are enthusiastic , and we re working hard , and i m guardedly optimistic ."
"obama , on cbs face the nation , reiterated his argument that because many republicans consider clinton polarizing , he stands a better chance of drawing independents and others that clinton cannot ."
"but a series of polls showing him closing the gap on clinton s national lead including in california , the most delegate rich prize in tuesday s race left obama s campaign enthusiastic about his prospects to clinch a large number of delegates tuesday ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives friday and sent into busy baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top iraqi government official said ."
"the bombs killed at least people and wounded more than at two popular pet markets on the holiest day of the week for muslims , authorities said ."
"in both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , gen . qasim atta , spokesman for baghdad s security plan , told state television ."
"atta said the women were strapped with dynamite and ball bearings , citing members of the bomb squad . the explosives were detonated via cell phone , he said ."
an atta aide said that people referred to the bomber at central baghdad s al ghazl market as the crazy woman and that the bomber at a second market had an unspecified birth disability .
"u . s . military officials referred to the two attacks as suicide bombings , saying both women detonated the explosive devices ."
"the u . s . officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with civilians dead and others wounded ."
the pentagon attributed the attacks to al qaeda in iraq and made no reference to the mental conditions of the women .
"by targeting innocent iraqis , they show their true demonic character , said lt . col . steve stover , spokesman for the multi national division baghdad ."
washington cnn u . s . coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states .
"friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at a . m . alaska time p . m . gmt thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read ."
"when he missed three subsequent scheduled calls over the next six hours , they called the coast guard , read said ."
"read said two coast guard c hercules planes conducted searches thursday miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist s last known position . the searches continued friday and are ongoing , read said ."
"two coast guard cutters are also headed for the area , but both are at least a day away , he said ."
"read said the balloonist , who was heading for portland , oregon , is equipped with provisions and a survival suit ."
"kanda holds the world record for the longest duration balloon flight , with a time of hours and minutes , according to the world air sports federation ."
"in that january flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u . s . state of montana , according to the federation ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn the kenyan government and opposition parties have reached a four point plan to end weeks of bloodshed , former u . n . secretary general kofi annan announced at a news conference friday ."
"taking measures to address the humanitarian crisis and promoting reconciliation , healing and restoration , annan said ."
"the fourth item , which could take up to a year , aims for a resolution to the political crisis , the former secretary general said ."
"the plan includes an agreement to disband illegal armed groups , to refrain from making irresponsible and provocative statements , and to hold joint meetings to promote peace and reconciliation ."
it also calls on police to end brutality and excessive force .
"the kenyan red cross says the violence has claimed at least lives and driven , from their homes since incumbent kenyan president mwai kibaki claimed the december election over orange democratic movement leader raila odinga ."
annan also called for the the protection and assistance and safe return of all internally displaced persons .
"the world health organization issued a statement friday saying many internally displaced kenyans are living in crowded makeshift camps with poor shelter , water supply , sanitation . . . food shortages , no cooking fuel , precarious access to health care and shortages of antibiotics ."
the england manager telephoned the year old midfielder on wednesday and broke the news to beckham who is just one appearance short of becoming the fifth man to earn england caps but assured him he could be part of his future plans .
i have selected a squad of players as i think it is important that all the players are equal from the beginning .
we will use the time between now and our first world cup qualifying match in september to look at the players and find the best formula for the england team . i will also look at players who have not been included in the squad this time . i know there has been a lot of discussion about david beckham .
"beckham will be disappointed by the news , especially as he has been training with arsenal during his holiday major league soccer s close season to get fit for capello s first game ."
"cnn a vietnamese woman caught cooking a tiger carcass was sentenced to two and a half years in jail , state media reported thursday ."
"a hanoi court convicted nguyen thi thanh , , for violating regulations protecting rare wild animals ."
"she was arrested last september after police raided a house that she rented in the capital city of hanoi and found dead tigers , bear arms , monkey bones and elephant tusks ."
"officers found thanh and three accomplices cooking tiger carcasses , the thanh nien daily reported ."
"the three men received suspended sentences , ranging from to months , the daily said ."
"the woman told police she sold the animals bone marrow for . million vietnamese dong per gram to traditional medicine men , according to reports at the time ."
"such medicine men think tiger bones and other parts can cure arthritis and other joint ailments , according to the humane society of the united states ."
"tigers are universally threatened , with only about still living in vietnam , the world wildlife fund said ."
the southeast asian country has banned trafficking in endangered animal parts .
"last year , the vietnamese government unearthed cases of illegal trafficking that involved endangered animals , local media said at the time ."
"royal dutch shell , europe s largest oil company , reported a . billion yearly net profit on thursday , due to divestments and higher oil prices ."
"it represented a percent rise from last year s figure of . billion , while sales rose percent to billion ."
"the results came on the back of a percent rise in fourth quarter net profit of . billion , up from . billion ."
sales for the final quarter rose to billion from . billion despite a fall in production .
"the anglo dutch company s production was . million barrels of oil and equivalents per day , down . percent from . million in the same quarter a year ago ."
"chief executive jeroen van der veer described the results as satisfactory overall , noting that the company had weak refining margins but launched new production projects . . . and achieved exploration successes ."
"societe generale s cross town rival bnp paribas said thursday it is considering a bid for the french bank , weakened by a fraud scandal that has cost it billions ."
"we are only thinking about socgen because all european banks are thinking about it , bnp paribas spokeswoman christelle maldague said ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil cnn a judge issued an order thursday prohibiting a rio samba group from parading during carnival with a float depicting naked bodies of holocaust victims ."
"judge juliana kalichszteim issued the injunction in response to a lawsuit by the jewish federation of rio de janeiro , which asked for the float be removed from this city s famed carnival parade next week , said lara voges , a spokeswoman for the judge ."
"the judge said the float could be used in the parade , but that organizers of the viradouro samba group must remove mannequins meant to represent dead bodies from the holocaust ."
the jewish federation praised the judge s decision .
"it s inadmissible that they could have a parade float depicting dead jews and a live hitler on top of them , said federation spokesman jose roitberg ."
"berlin , germany cnn german police have charged a robbery suspect after matching his dna to that found on a piece of salami spat out at a crime scene ."
"the bitten off chunk of the telltale sausage was discovered at a building that had been broken in to in the southern city of darmstadt in april , police said thursday ."
the year old man was taken into custody in early january after police ran his name through their computers at a highway spot check and found he was wanted for several other crimes .
"once in custody , he was linked to the darmstadt break and enter through the dna sample on the salami and charged ."
but it seems the rejected meat was not the robber s only slip up
he has been charged with a total of break ins after other links were found .
"the man , whose name was not released , remains in custody while police investigate ."
"london , england cnn poland will withdraw its troops from iraq by the end of october , according to a spokesman for the polish military thursday ."
"october will be the last day of the polish presence in iraq , major dariusz kacperczyk said , speaking from warsaw ."
"the precise date of withdrawal and when security would be handed over to local forces in qadisiya , the southern iraqi shiite province where most polish troops in iraq are based , are still being determined , he said ."
"one thing we know for sure is that after the last day of october , there will be no more polish soldiers in iraq , kacperczyk said ."
"poland s new prime minister , donald tusk , has promised to bring the troops home from iraq , where"
poland has one of the larger non u . s . contingents .
"there are around polish troops in the war torn country , with most in the qadisiya capital of diwaniya , some in baghdad and others in the southern city of kut ."
twenty two soldiers from poland have lost their lives during the nearly five year war in iraq .
hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen . john edwards .
the event is the first democratic debate since obama s convincing victory saturday in south carolina .
"on tuesday , clinton won the florida primary , a contest her campaign said helped the senator regain momentum even though it awarded no delegates ."
that amount will allow obama to expand his television ad buys greatly in the plus states holding primaries or caucuses tuesday .
the clinton campaign would not indicate how much money it had raised in the same time period .
"mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls ."
"in a cnn opinion research corporation poll conducted january , gravel received less than percent ."
"the economy is likely to dominate thursday s debate , as both candidates look to appeal to supporters of edwards and his brand of economic populism ."
"as many as army soldiers committed suicide in , a jump of more than percent over the year before , officials said thursday ."
the rise came despite numerous efforts over the past year to improve the mental health of a force stressed by a longer than expected war in iraq and the most deadly year yet in the now six year old conflict in afghanistan .
internal briefing papers prepared by the army s psychiatry consultant earlier this month show there were confirmed suicides last year and deaths that are suspected suicides and still under investigation .
"more than a quarter of the combined total about died while serving a tour of duty in iraq , an increase from in iraq the previous year , according to the preliminary figures ."
"the report also showed an increase in the number of attempted suicides and self injuries some , in compared to less than , the previous year and less than in ."
"the rate has fluctuated over those years , with the low being . per , in ."
"elspeth ritchie , the psychiatry consultant to the army surgeon general , has said that officials found failed personal relationships , legal and financial problems and the stress of their jobs have been main factors in soldiers suicides ."
"moscow , russia cnn russian authorities are investigating the recent killing of a model turned bodyguard ."
one notable client was russian boxer kostya tszyu .
a carjacker pulled loginova out of her porsche cayenne sunday in moscow .
loginova grabbed onto the door handle as the car picked up speed and she was dragged along the street before letting go as the car sped away .
"an intruder just threw her out of the car russian police stated , she grabbed the door handle , but when the car picked up speed , she let go ."
her fearlessness proved fatal .
loginova died on the scene from serious cranial injuries .
the vehicle was later found abandoned in southern moscow .
luxury car theft is common in moscow .
loginova told maxim magazine in a recently taped interview that she fought off a car thief just four months ago .
"i stepped out of my car and closed the door when i suddenly saw a young man near me . he grabbed me by the arm in which i was holding the car keys , she was quoted as saying ."
"by reflex , i used a jiu jitsu technique ."
i twisted his arm and hit him on the face with my elbow .
the guy obviously was not expecting such a reaction .
"he fell down on the rear windshield , which gave me enough time to grab my gun ."
"he immediately jumped into his honda and drove away ,"
those who knew her said she was never deterred by danger .
"for many russians she was a feminine icon , bridging the glamorous world of modeling and the rough underbelly of russian crime ."
"i think she was kind and sweet , not like a terminator , not like sigourney weaver in aliens said igor cherski from maxim magazine but i feel that she was not afraid of anything , there was no fear in her eyes ."
"dubai , united arab emirates cnn high technology services across large tracts of asia , the middle east and north africa were crippled thursday following a widespread internet failure which brought many businesses to a standstill and left others struggling to cope ."
industry experts are blaming damage to two undersea cables but it is not known what caused the damage .
"reports say that egypt , saudi arabia , qatar , the united arab emirates , kuwait , bahrain pakistan and india , are all experiencing severe problems ."
nations that have been spared the chaos include israel whose traffic uses a different route and lebanon and iraq .
many middle east governments have backup satellite systems in case of cable failure .
"stephan beckert , an analyst with telegeography , a research company that consults on global internet issues , said the damaged cables collectively account for the majority of international communications between europe and the middle east ."
"the two cables damaged are flag telecom s flag europe asia cable and seamewe , a cable owned by a consortium of more than a dozen telecommunications companies , beckert said ."
he added the options while those cables are repaired were re routing traffic around the globe or using an older undamaged cable that has less capacity both of which would cause usage delays .
"kuwait s ministry of communications said the problem could take two weeks to solve , according to a statement carried by the state news agency , kuna ."
"rajesh chharia , president of india s internet service providers association , explained that some firms were trying to reroute via pacific cables and that companies serving the eastern us and the uk were worst affected ."
"besides the internet , the outage caused major disruption to television and phone services , creating chaos for the uae s public and private sectors ."
the outage led to a rapid collapse of a wide range of public services in a country which proudly promotes itself as a technological pioneer .
"washington cnn a senior al qaeda terrorist who allegedly plotted and carried out attacks against u . s . and coalition forces was killed in pakistan , a knowledgeable western official and a military source told cnn thursday ."
"he was identified as abu laith al libi , , who was on the military s most wanted list ."
al libi was thought to have been involved in the february bombing at bagram air base in afghanistan while vice president dick cheney was visiting .
the knowledgeable western official said al libi was not far below the importance of the top two al qaeda leaders osama bin laden and ayman al zawahiri .
radical islamist web sites acknowledged al libi s death .
"may god have mercy on sheikh abu laith al libi and accept him with his brothers , with the martyrs , said a eulogy posted on a main islamist site , al ekhlaas ."
"al libi was of libyan descent and was believed to have been in the afghan pakistani border region , according to the u . s . military ."
"he was a significant , senior al qaeda figure who had taken on a more prominent role in the organization in recent years , and was responsible for plotting attacks , some of which targeted u . s . and coalition forces as well as afghan officials , a u . s . counterterrorism official told cnn ."
"in an earlier role , he was a leader of the libyan islamic fighting group , which"
"eventually merged with al qaeda and was responsible for planning attacks throughout north africa and the middle east , the counterterrorism official said ."
"the official described al libi as part of al qaeda s inner circle , who helped fill the void created by the capture or death of other senior people in the organization ."
al libi could have been killed by a missile fired from a drone operated by the cia and other u . s . government agencies .
"the u . s . military placed al libi on its most wanted list in , behind bin laden , al zawahiri and taliban leader mullah omar ."
"in october , the u . s . announced rewards ranging from , to , for al libi and other mid level taliban and al qaeda leaders ."
"the terrorist appeared in a audio recording posted on an islamist web site , saying al qaeda had regrouped and intended to expand its war to include assassinations and attacks against infrastructure ."
he also appeared in a video that showed him participating in an attack on an afghan army base .
"los angeles , california cnn an oscars contingency plan that would include history , film clips and out of the ordinary concepts for the awards show is in the works , academy president sid ganis told the associated press on wednesday ."
"with the writers strike dragging dangerously close to the february telecast , the film academy is planning two oscar shows"
"the show we would love to do and . . . a show that we would prefer not to do , ganis said ."
"the traditional , star studded glamour fest is in the works in case an agreement is reached ."
"if not , organizers are working on a second show that will include history and packages of film and concepts that are not normally ones that we would have for the show if we were moving straight ahead ."
"the show will go on regardless of talks status , he said ."
"we have an obligation to the art form to present the oscars , so we have to deal with the possibility of not being able to do the show because of pickets or agreements not being concluded , ganis said ."
"meanwhile , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences is talking with striking writers , said spokeswoman leslie unger ."
"we have made contact with the guild , unger said . we want to be able to do the kind of oscar show that we always do , and we want to create the circumstances that will allow us to do that ."
nominations for the th academy awards were announced last week .
"final ballots were mailed wednesday to the , voting members of the academy ."
cristiano ronaldo increased his goal tally this season to in all competitions as his double against portsmouth saw manchester united return to the top of the premier league on goal difference from arsenal with a victory .
the year old portuguese sensation put united ahead in the th minute when he beat the offside trap to collect nani s pass and slip the ball across goalkeeper david james .
ronaldo added a spectacular second just three minutes later with an unstoppable free kick over a static portsmouth wall that left james no chance .
"united and arsenal both lie on points , but united have a five goal better goal difference than their rivals ."
"meanwhile , chelsea equalled a club record of nine successive wins in all competitions , set in under jose mourinho , with a success at home to reading ."
the victory means the blues are now unbeaten in consecutive league games at stamford bridge and they remain in third place four points behind the top two .
"everton and tottenham shared a draw at goodison park , with the hosts remaining in fourth place ."
andy johnson came closest in the second half for everton when he found himself unmarked in front of goal following a sharp turn but his shot was saved by radek cerny .
"cnn fishermen in bangladesh beat a rare river dolphin to death because they had not seen this kind of creature before , according to local news accounts ."
the fishermen then tried to sell the body of the ganges river dolphin as a rare fish .
"elisabeth fahrni mansur , who works with the bangladesh cetacean diversity project , told cnn that the mammal was trapped in the low waters of a tidal channel ."
"it wasn t dumped in front of a museum , mansur added . the animal was taken to a visitor center where it will be prepared for an exhibit ."
the ganges river dolphin inhabits the murky waters of the ganges river and can be spotted only when it surfaces to breathe .
"thus , they are very rarely seen , according to the world wildlife fund web site ."
"unlike its marine counterpart , these fresh water dolphins have a pudgy body and an extra long and sharp toothed snout ."
"the world conservation union places the total population of the dolphins at , to , ."
it classifies the ganges river dolphin as an endangered species .
"the air breathing mammals sometimes die after they find themselves stranded in shallow waters , mansur said . the construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of bangladesh ."
the dolphin population is also dwindling because they sometimes get caught in a fisherman s net .
"beijing , china cnn two cargo ships collided on china s yangtze river wednesday morning , killing at least sailors , the state run news agency said ."
"a cargo ship , with crew members on board , sank after it crashed into another ship about gmt tuesday , xinhua said ."
"rescue crews were able to pull out one sailor . fifteen died , and a sixteenth person was still missing , the news agency said ."
authorities did not say what caused the collision .
two ships were also left stranded on the snow covered bank of the river as heavy snow and sleet brought parts of the country to a standstill earlier in the week .
"the yangtze is the third longest river in the world , running , kilometers about , miles ."
recently its water levels have dropped to record lows .
"measured in wuhan s hankou district , the water level fell to . meters , the lowest compared with the same time of year since records began in ."
"the drop has affected shipping , fishery and water supply in the region ."
front runners john mccain and mitt romney attacked each other s conservative credentials as they fought for their party s top spot during the final showdown before the super tuesday contests .
"the sharpest exchange in the debate came when romney , the former governor of massachusetts , was asked about the mccain campaign s charge that he once said he favored a strict timetable for removing troops from iraq ."
"by the way , raising it a few days before the florida primary , when there was very little time for me to correct the record , falls in the kind of dirty tricks that ronald reagan would have found reprehensible ."
"but mccain , the arizona senator who has strongly backed president bush s iraq policy , accused romney of hedging after public support for the war waned ."
"the debate , sponsored by cnn , the los angeles times and politico . com , took place at the reagan presidential library ."
"the event came as the gop s four remaining candidates jockey for position going into next tuesday , when more than states will be holding primaries or caucuses ."
"mccain , who has won primaries in new hampshire , south carolina and florida , hopes to solidify himself as the front runner , while romney , the winner in michigan , nevada and wyoming , tries to stop mccain s run to the nomination ."
former new york mayor rudy giuliani dropped out of the race and endorsed mccain hours before the debate began .
"and late wednesday , cnn reported that california gov . arnold schwarzenegger , who was in the audience for the debate , planned to endorse mccain thursday ."
"a heavy overnight snowstorm blanketed jerusalem and other parts of the holy land in white on wednesday , closing schools and stores and grounding public transportation ."
"the sense of excitement among israelis , used to warm middle eastern weather , was palpable ."
"children threw snowballs on slushy streets , and weather reports topped local newscasts , eclipsing an upcoming government report on the war in lebanon that could pressure prime minister ehud olmert to resign ."
"snow often falls in jerusalem once or twice each winter , but temperatures rarely drop low enough for it to stick ."
"the city is not designed to deal with snowy weather . schools shut , most public places closed down and many people stayed home from work ."
"london , england cnn an advertisement portraying a scantily clad schoolgirl seductively twirling her hair is offensive , a british watchdog agency said wednesday in demanding that low cost airline ryanair not run it again ."
ryanair holdings plc said the ruling by the advertising standards authority was absurd and the airline had no intention of honoring it .
the agency said the ad s headline hottest back to school fares combined with the model s pose in an empty classroom appeared to link teenage girls with sexually provocative behavior .
the ad ran last summer in three newspapers .
the agency said the advertisement was likely to cause serious or widespread offense and demanded ryanair not run it again .
ryanair spokesman peter sherrard said in a statement that many british newspapers regularly run pictures of topless or partially dressed women .
"it is remarkable that a picture of a fully clothed model is now claimed to cause serious or widespread offense , sherrard said . this isn t advertising regulation , it is simply censorship ."
the authority said the newspapers which originally ran the ad have agreed not to carry it again .
"the agency has no enforcement powers , but it can refer advertisers to britain s office of fair trading for legal action ."
the complaint comes two days after french president nicolas sarkozy s spokesman said the president plans to take legal action against ryanair for using a photo of him and girlfriend carla bruni in another advertisement .
"that ad , published monday in the french daily le parisien , shows the smiling couple with a comic book speech bubble coming from bruni s head saying"
"automaker bmw said wednesday sales soared more than percent as buyers clamored for its mix of bmw sedans , sporty mini and luxury rolls royce cars and said it was on track for higher sales this year ."
sales of its motorcycles decreased by nearly percent .
"we expect a new record sales volume figure in , with stronger growth in the first half of the year and more moderate growth in the second , bmw chief executive norbert reithofer said ."
shares of bmw were up more than . percent to . euros . after the results were announced .
"bmw said the united states remained its single biggest market for its bmw and mini cars , with combined sales up . percent to , in ."
"its home market , germany , was second , with , cars sold last year ."
"cape canaveral , florida cnn the space station s two american astronauts went out on a riskier than usual spacewalk wednesday to fix one of two equipment failures that have crippled their power system and threatened to stall construction ."
"commander peggy whitson and daniel tani replaced a motor needed to tilt a solar wing toward the sun , taking extra precautions to avoid being shocked ."
"as soon as the new motor was hooked up , electricity began flowing through the unit ."
"the tilting mechanism stopped working in early december , exasperating a power problem that arose three months earlier when a solar wing rotating joint jammed up and had to be shut down ."
wednesday s spacewalk was especially hazardous because of the risk of being shocked .
"for safety , whitson and tani waited until the international space station was on the dark side of earth , then carefully undid fasteners and disconnected cables , and pulled out the old electric motor ."
"whitson and tani performed virtually the entire job in the darkness of night , pausing during the daytime swings around earth when volts of electricity would course through the cables ."
"as an added precaution , the spacewalkers were advised not to point any nonessential lights at the solar wing in question to prevent power generation ."
it was the first spacewalk for tani since his year old mother was killed in a car accident outside chicago just before christmas .
"flight director holly ridings said tani has been coping extremely well , and that his work has not been affected ."
"tani was supposed to return to earth in december aboard atlantis , but his trip home was delayed because of problems with the fuel gauges in the shuttle s external tank ."
nasa is now aiming for a february liftoff after replacing a bad connector at the bottom of the tank .
"wednesday s spacewalk fell on the eve of the th anniversary of the launch of nasa s first satellite , explorer ."
"the very next day , friday , will mark the fifth anniversary of the columbia disaster ."
"the u . s . federal reserve on wednesday cut a key interest rate for the second time in just over a week , reducing the federal funds rate by a half point ."
that decrease had been the biggest one day move in more than two decades .
the half point cut wednesday followed news that the economy had slowed significantly in the final three months of last year with the gross domestic product expanding at a barely
"discernible pace of . percent , less than half what had been expected ."
"in a brief statement explaining their decision , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and his colleagues said that financial markets remain under considerable stress ."
the fed move was approved on a to vote .
"richard fisher , president of the fed s dallas regional bank , dissented , preferring no change in rates ."
the rate cut marked the fifth time that the fed has cut the funds rate since it started with a half point cut on september in response to the severe credit crisis which hit global markets in august .
"tokyo , japan cnn ten japanese were sickened , including a child who fell into a coma , after eating chinese made dumplings contaminated with insecticide , police and health officials said wednesday ."
"three people in western hyogo prefecture state and seven in chiba prefecture near tokyo suffered severe abdominal pains , vomiting and diarrhea after eating the frozen dumplings imported from china by a japanese company , the health ministry said ."
"a year old girl in chiba regained consciousness after falling into a coma , and her mother , two brothers and a sister were in serious condition , chiba police official masaru hiratsu said ."
"investigators found traces of an organic phosphorus insecticide called methamidophos in the dumplings , their containers and the patients vomit"
", the ministry said in a statement . authorities were attempting to determine the source of contamination ."
"the ministry ordered the dumplings importer and distributor , jt foods co . ltd . an affiliate of japan s largest tobacco company to recall the product ."
"the dumplings were imported in november from chinese manufacturer hebei foodstuffs import export group tianyang food processing , the ministry said ."
"japan s minister in charge of food safety , fumio kishida , said the incident prompted grave concerns and vowed to take urgent measures ."
"jt foods distributed tons of dumplings each in chiba and hyogo , the ministry said ."
britain s highest court decided wednesday that a rapist who won the lottery while in prison may be sued by his victim even though the statute of limitations ran out years ago .
"the decision by the law lords effectively changes british law , giving victims of deliberate assault the right to sue after the current six year limit expires , the woman and her attorney said ."
"a , said through her attorney that she was delighted and relieved at the decision ."
"iorworth hoare was serving a life sentence for the rape of mrs . a when , in , he bought a single lottery ticket while on day release ."
"hoare won pound million , which at the time was worth about million ."
"i m both delighted and relieved that my appeal to the house of lords has been successful and that i have succeeded in changing a law which will provide others in the future with a means of achieving justice , said mrs . a , in a statement read by her lawyer , sandra baker ."
"under previous law , victims of deliberate assault like mrs . a only had six years in which to sue their attacker , after which no legal action was allowed ."
wednesday s decision by the law lords allows victims of deliberate assault the same right to sue their attackers after the time limit has expired .
i hope that many others in the future will be able to benefit from the change in the law which i helped bring about .
the house of lords is the final court of appeal in the united kingdom for civil cases .
"beijing , china cnn china s worst winter in more than half a century showed no signs of abating wednesday as forecasters warned of three more days of snow and sleet ."
"the weather has paralyzed transportation , frozen the power grid and delivered a . billion hit to the economy , according to figures released wednesday by the civil affairs ministry ."
the situation is compounding economic problems for china .
"destroyed crops have resulted in increased food prices , while the inability to transport goods has further inflated prices and led to shortages at stores ."
"china s railways and roads are the lifeblood for its manufacturing sector , one of the fastest growing in the world ."
automakers toyota and ford halted their china based production this week .
"the transportation stoppage has had a domino effect , preventing the delivery of coal , which is vital to china s power plants ."
that is amplifying china s energy problems .
"in guangzhou , hundreds of factory workers who had saved money all year to visit their families during china s lunar new year filled the city s train station , waiting for trains that were not expected to arrive for days ."
"up to half a million people have camped out in the southern city for nearly a week , hoping to get home for the holiday ."
factories in the province of guangzhou shut down wednesday ahead of the february holiday with workers joining the masses around the train station hoping the government would deliver on its promise of quick action and immediate relief for those trying to make it home .
"i don t know how i will get home , one man said ."
"the winter precipitation had caused at least deaths due to collapsed roofs and treacherous travel conditions , the ministry of civil affairs and local officials said ."
"nearly a million police have been dispatched to help keep roadways open as thousands of vehicles have become stranded in the snow and ice , according to chinese ministry of public safety spokesman wu heping ."
former new york mayor rudy giuliani ended his gop presidential race and endorsed rival sen . john mccain of arizona on wednesday .
"this is a man who is prepared to be president , giuliani said of his old friend ."
giuliani said mccain gives the republican party the best chance to hold onto the presidency .
"i am very proud to endorse my friend and fellow republican a hero john mccain , giuliani said at the ronald reagan presidential library in simi valley california , two hours before the republican presidential candidates were to face each other in their final debate before the super tuesday contests next week ."
"meanwhile , two republican sources told cnn that california gov . arnold schwarzenegger is in discussions about endorsing mccain ."
"one of the sources said , you can safely describe the conversations as progressing and productive ."
the second source described the endorsement as more than expected and said the conversations were aimed at arranging a thursday announcement .
"i made it clear before i had to make this decision to drop out that had i not run , i d be supporting john mccain , giuliani told reporters on a flight to burbank , california , for the debate ."
"giuliani , who had staked his presidential campaign on a florida win , had a disappointing third place finish in the state s republican primary tuesday night ."
he largely skipped the early voting states to put all his energy into florida .
police on wednesday tried to determine what charges to file against the men who held up to hostages in a botched bank robbery in central venezuela before being detained .
"the men stormed a bank in the town of altagracia de orituco , in the state of guarico , and took hostages just before noon on monday before releasing a few during negotiations with police ."
"the number of hostages ranged from to , including a pregnant woman and a day old infant , and most were held for hours ."
"the robbers were under the influence of stimulants , said ramon rodriguez chacin , the venezuelan minister of the interior and justice ."
"authorities allowed the captors to leave the bank by ambulance on tuesday , with five hostages being used as human shields , after the men threatened to kill their captives , authorities told cnn ."
"those hostages who remained inside the bank were then freed , and the captors later released their human shields on a highway near caracas ."
"authorities detained four captors after intercepting them on a road leading to the western part of the country , and one other was unaccounted for , the bolivarian news agency reported ."
the u . s . military is developing contingency plans to deal with the possibility that a large spy satellite expected to fall to earth in late february or early march could hit north america .
"air force gen . gene renuart , who heads of u . s . northern command , told the associated press on tuesday that the size of the satellite suggests that some number of pieces will not burn up as the orbiting vehicle re enters the earth s atmosphere and will hit the ground ."
"we re aware that this satellite is out there , renuart said . we re aware it is a fairly substantial size . and we know there is at least some percentage that it could land on ground as opposed to in the water ."
a u . s . official confirmed that the spy satellite is designated by the military as us .
it was launched in december but almost immediately lost power and cannot be controlled .
it carried a sophisticated and secret imaging sensor but the satellite s central computer failed shortly after launch .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the information is classified as secret .
"renuart added that , as it looks like it might re enter into the north american area , then the u . s . military , with the homeland security department and the federal emergency management agency , will either have to deal with the impact or assist canadian or mexican authorities ."
but he cautioned that officials won t have much detail on where or when it will crash until it begins to move through the atmosphere and break up .
renuart added that there does not as yet appear to be much concern about sensitive technologies on the satellite falling into enemy hands .
the satellite includes some small engines that contain a toxic chemical called hydrazine which is rocket fuel .
but those qualities don t come cheap .
the venue for the downhill skiing and snowboarding events in the winter olympics plus the nordic events nearby has become a haven for those who want luxury near their lift lines .
the standard daily lift ticket is .
"all day adult group lessons begin at , with lift ticket ."
"fancy hotels such as the four seasons , the fairmont chateau , the westin resort and spa and not one but two pan pacific palaces seem to be at every turn inside whistler village ."
"the pulsing , main pedestrian walk of shops , bars , restaurants and two grocery stores even has a wine shop at the base of whistler ski area ."
"some hotels want two night minimums . then there s the currently unfavorable currency exchange rate , eh ?"
"local merchants and many of whistler s , employees seemingly all perky , in their s and many from new zealand , australia or great britain push the fact that theirs is a four season resort ."
"ski season runs from november through june , with the spring months usually spent on higher blackcomb mountain , elevation , feet whistler mountain tops out at , feet ."
blackcomb s summer glacier skiing and snowboarding are tentatively scheduled to run through july .
"some of canada s world class mountain bikers live at whistler or at squamish , the small town midway between vancouver and whistler along b . c . highway ."
"san francisco , california cnn the number of chinook salmon returning to california s central valley has reached a near record low , pointing to an unprecedented collapse that could lead to severe restrictions on west coast salmon fishing this year , according to federal fishery regulators ."
"the sharp drop in chinook , or king , salmon returning from the pacific ocean to spawn in the sacramento river and its tributaries last fall is part of broader decline in wild salmon runs in rivers across the west ."
"the population dropped more than percent from its all time high five years ago , according to an internal memo sent to members of the pacific fishery management council and obtained by the associated press ."
the shrinking number of spawners
some scientists believe it could be related to changes in the ocean linked to global warming .
some fishermen and environmentalists believe the sharp decline is related to increased water exports from the san joaquin sacramento river delta .
"it supplies drinking water to millions of people in dry southern california , as well as irrigation for america s most fertile farming region ."
"it s time to reduce pumping of delta waters before we destroy the fish and wildlife species we appreciate so much in california , said mike sherwood , an attorney for earthjustice ."
"more worrisome is that only about , year old juvenile chinooks used to predict returns of adult spawners in the coming season returned to the central valley last year ."
"not long ago , salmon restoration efforts in the sacramento watershed were being touted as a wildlife management success story ."
"but recent years have seen populations dwindle in many western rivers , and scientists are trying to understand why ."
"the council plans to meet in sacramento in march to discuss possible restrictions , including a complete closure of the salmon season that begins in may ."
final decisions will be made in april .
"cnn two of turkey s main political parties are pushing for a constitutional amendment to lift bans on headscarves at public universities , a move that has caused concern among turkey s secular population ."
"prime minister recep tayyip erdogan initiated the move , saying it would create equality in turkey s higher education ."
the constitutional commission will discuss the proposal submitted by the akp and mhp parties in the coming days before sending it to the floor for a vote .
"if approved , it would need president abdullah gul s approval , which is expected ."
bans on headcoverings were imposed in the early s by turkey s universities because they were seen as political symbols and conflicted with turkey s secular governing system .
the proposal to change turkey s constitution sent chills through turkey s secular population .
"this is a direct threat to the republic and its foundations , said deniz baykal , leader of turkey s main secular party , chp ."
"another chp lawmaker said she fears that if the proposal is enacted , parents will feel pressure to have their daughters wear headscarves , even in elementary school ."
"mustafa akaydin , head of turkey s higher education commission , is against the proposal ."
he said that allowing headscarves would be a rejection of turkey s secular system of government .
"it is an attempt to create a counterrevolution , akaydin said . it will be a breaking point ."
the higher education commission will meet friday in ankara to discuss the proposed changes .
"brisbane , australia cnn a golf course in tropical australia has a new water hazard"
a crocodile that took up residence in a lake at the th hole .
"club owner don matheson in the queensland state city of townsville said the small , freshwater crocodile posed no significant threat to people , but that the club doesn t allow them on the course ."
"the meter long foot , inch crocodile moved into the lake at the willows golf club during flooding that followed heavy rains in recent weeks , matheson said , adding that he ll ask wildlife authorities to place the animal back in the wild ."
wildlife authorities last week warned residents in the queensland tropics to be alert for crocodiles and snakes carried onto properties by floodwater .
"sen . john mccain claimed victory in florida s republican primary , and sen . hillary clinton took the state s democratic contest tuesday night ."
"the results in the republican race might have delivered a fatal blow to the campaign of former new york mayor rudy giuliani , who was a distant third as results came in tuesday night ."
two gop sources with direct knowledge of giuliani s plans said he will drop out of the race and endorse mccain at an event in california on wednesday .
"i m proud i ran a positive campaign , he told supporters . i ran a campaign that was uplifting ."
"with percent of republican precincts reporting , mccain held a percent lead over former massachusetts gov . mitt romney ."
"giuliani had percent of the vote , followed closely by former arkansas gov . mike huckabee who held percent ."
"a top campaign official from mccain s camp has been in ongoing discussions with giuliani s campaign about endorsing mccain s candidacy , a gop official familiar with talks told cnn tuesday ."
a source close to giuliani confirmed that discussions were taking place and said there is talk among the staff that an endorsement could come wednesday in california .
"the source said mccain and giuliani need to talk , but we are working to make it happen ."
"mccain , who cultivates an image as a maverick , has been in the senate for four terms after two terms as a u . s . congressman ."
"with about percent of democratic precincts reporting , clinton had percent of the vote ."
"illinois sen . barack obama was in second with percent , and former north carolina sen . john edwards was in third with percent ."
"republicans penalized the state as well , but took away only half of their delegates ."
"the economy is overwhelmingly the top issue for voters in florida s primary , according to early exit polls ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn former u . n . secretary general kofi annan on tuesday pleaded with kenya s government to take extraordinary measures to protect civilians hours after an opposition lawmaker was killed outside his home ."
"hundreds have died in fighting sparked by last month s presidential election , which opponents insist was rigged to ensure kenyan president mwai kibaki s re election ."
"kenya , which has long been a stable and peaceful country , today is in turmoil with innocent men , women and children being hounded and killed , annan told kenya s national assembly before heading into talks with kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga ."
annan s speech came as police and demonstrators clashed in nairobi and hours after gunmen killed opposition lawmaker mugabe were in a car outside his house .
"about supporters also gathered in kisumu , kenya s third largest city , in a show of anger over were s killing , prompting police to fire tear gas and bullets to disperse them , the kenya broadcasting corp . reported ."
"odinga said he suspected the foul hands of our adversaries in the shooting death of were , a parliament member from the orange democratic movement , according to the associated press ."
"during his assembly address , annan called on kenya s leaders to stop the downward spiral into chaos that is threatening this beautiful country ."
we must stress our common humanity and uphold respect for human rights and the dignity of others .
"police in india have broken up what they call a global organ trafficking scheme and are hunting its alleged mastermind , a doctor identified as amit kumar ."
"authorities tuesday asked for the public s help in tracking down kumar after a raid last week on a home in gurgaon , a city near new delhi ."
police characterized the scheme as an attempt to harvest kidneys from the poor and sell the organs to wealthy patients .
"at least one doctor was arrested , police said , and at least two patients one from greece and the other from the united states initially were detained before being freed ."
gurgaon police commissioner mahendra lal said the doctor confessed the ring carried out about transplants over about years in five states across india .
"lal said four doctors as well as nurses , medical technicians and others were involved in the scheme , working out of a house in gurgaon with an operating theater ."
police also said they discovered a worldwide roster of people waiting for transplants .
"kumar , who also uses the alias dr . santosh rameshwar raut , may not be in india anymore , police said ."
"under indian law , the sale of human organs is illegal , but the country has a flourishing black market . there have long been reports of poor indians selling their kidneys and even giving them up by force in some cases ."
the problem is extensive enough for the indian health ministry to be developing new legislation that lawmakers hope will stop the illegal organ trade .
"instead , he brought them to the house in gurgaon , they said . the surgery has been done professionally , there s no doubt , by someone who is qualified and seems to know his job , said sanjay narula , a surgeon who is caring for the victims now ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id leicester , england cnn four men have pleaded guilty to offenses linked to a plot to kidnap a british muslim soldier on leave and behead him in a garage ."
"parviz khan , basiru gassama , mohammed irfan , and hamid elasmar entered their pleas several weeks ago , but the media were restricted from reporting the matter until tuesday , when two other men went on trial alongside the four ."
the four also admitted charges related to sending equipment to terrorists .
"leicester crown court was told that khan , , devised the plot to kidnap and kill the soldier and send equipment to terrorists in pakistan and along the afghan border ."
"a jury heard that khan intended to behead the soldier like a pig and release footage of the killing on the internet , the british press association reported ."
"street entertainment quarter with the help of drug dealers , the agency added ."
"irfan , , and elasmar , , admitted helping khan supply the equipment ."
"the two men on trial , amjad mahmood and zahoor iqbal , are also accused of having a role in the plot but both deny the charges ."
"mahmood , , denies knowing about the plot and failing to tell anyone ."
"russia warned the united nations and european union tuesday against taking any unilateral steps with kosovo , saying such action would create a destructive precedent ."
"eu leaders agreed last month to send an , strong force of police and legal officials to kosovo to maintain stability after a declaration of independence , which is expected in the next few months ."
"we are hoping that the u . n . secretary general and our partners realize the destructive implications of unilateral scenarios and actions violating the u . n . charter and will refrain from taking steps that can create a destructive precedent for international relations , russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said in a written statement ."
"we understand that the european union wants to play a more active role in the kosovo issue , but it is only possible if these conditions are fulfilled , he said ."
"new international civilian presence in kosovo would require approval from the u . n . security council , where russia has a permanent seat ."
"since , the united nations has been running the serbian province with nato peacekeepers , who still number about , ."
"an eu official , however , denied russian claims that the eu force would violate existing u . n . resolutions ."
"the official , who did not wish to be named , said the resolutions allowed for an international presence in the province , not necessarily from the u . n ."
he also insisted that most governments around the world agree that kosovo is an eu responsibility .
kosovo s push for independence has been a major factor in the serbian presidential race .
ultranationalist challenger tomislav nikolic faces pro western incumbent boris tadic in a runoff sunday .
"beijing , china cnn six workers have died building venues for the beijing olympics over the last five years , an acknowledgment monday that came after a series of clarifications by a chinese official ."
"he later said two died there and then added there were six worker deaths in total at all sites , without elaborating on the other four deaths ."
"li yizhong , minister of the state administration of work safety , said last week he was unaware of work related deaths on the project but promised to investigate ."
"greece four years ago , olympic protesters in athens held a memorial service for workers killed during round the clock construction for the games ."
the sunday times of london reported this month at least workers had died at venues for the beijing olympics and said chinese officials were covering up the accidents .
the newspaper said chinese authorities have covered up the deaths and doled out large payments to guarantee the silence of fellow workers who witnessed the accidents .
we have punished the related personnel .
"after the news conference , he again revised his answer , saying six workers had died at all venues over the last five years . he did not say where the other four deaths had taken place ."
floridians are voting tuesday in a primary battle that could play a crucial role in deciding the republican presidential nominee .
"tuesday s vote may have little impact on the democratic presidential race , however , because the party s national leadership said it would not allow florida s delegates to participate in the national convention because of a squabble over scheduling ."
sen . john mccain of arizona and former gov . mitt romney of massachusetts appear to be neck and neck in the republican primary .
"if romney comes out on top , the battle for the gop presidential nomination will be up in the air ."
the primary calendar is playing in florida s favor .
"other than republican caucuses in maine this weekend , florida is the last contest before the coast to coast primaries and caucuses on february , known as super tuesday ."
"romney and mccain are competing in florida s crucial republican primary as very different candidates , on very different core gop issues ."
"romney , on the economy , as the multimillionaire businessman who says he knows how to fix it and says sen . mccain doesn t get it , said cnn political correspondent dana bash ."
"mccain calls security and the war on terror the transcendent issue , she added ."
"mccain , romney and the three other candidates engaged in a civil debate in florida thursday night ."
"but since friday , the mccain and romney camps , and the candidates themselves , have fired away at each other over the war in iraq , the economy , illegal immigration and border security , campaign finance reform and the environment ."
and the negative attacks are not just occurring at campaign events and being reported by the media .
"beijing , china cnn in a rare move for a chinese politician , prime minister wen jiabao apologized tuesday to the hundreds of thousands of people stranded in train stations across the country as the worst winter weather in half a century combined with crippling power problems nearly brought travel to a standstill for millions trying to go home for the chinese new year holiday ."
"i apologize to you all , said wen , using a bullhorn to address stranded travelers at a train station in hunan province . we are currently trying our best to repair the system ."
"then all of you can go home for the chinese new year , the premier said , bringing applause from the crowd ."
chinese media replayed the apology several times .
chinese president hu jintao called an emergency meeting of the policy making politburo and promised quick action and immediate relief for those trying to make it home .
"wen flew out of beijing en route to hunan province on monday night , but had to detour to neighboring hubei province because of the bad weather ."
"he completed his trip by train , arriving in changsha city , hunan s capital , on tuesday morning , the xinhua reported ."
"brutal winter weather has pounded china s central , eastern and southern sections , stranding hundreds of thousands of travelers ahead of the holiday ."
"more than , passengers who wanted to board trains at the guangzhou station were stranded in the city as heavy snowfall knocked out power and greatly slowed rail operations in hunan province , along a line serving beijing and guangzhou , chinese media reported ."
manchester united have been drawn at home to arsenal in monday s draw for the fifth round of the fa cup .
the last meeting of the top two in the premier league is sure to be the clash of the round with both sides still in contention for the treble including the champions league .
"united reached the fifth round by beating tottenham hotspur with cristiano ronaldo scoring twice , while arsenal saw off newcastle ."
in the oldest cup competition in the world and with united and arsenal meeting at old trafford this is sure to be whittled down further for the sixth round .
"the other two premier league sides have both been handed trips to second tier opposition , with middlesbrough traveling to manchester city s conquerors sheffield united and portsmouth visiting preston , who hammered derby in the fourth round ."
"the u . s . state department s top koreas expert launched a mission to advance a stalled nuclear disarmament deal , heading tuesday to south korea and planning to travel this week to china and north korea , the u . s . embassy said ."
the accord aimed at halting north korea s nuclear programs appeared at a standstill after the communist nation missed a december deadline to declare all its nuclear programs .
"north korea has said it provided a statement , but the united states says that statement was incomplete ."
"the state department official , sung kim , was to arrive in south korea later tuesday and planned to leave wednesday for beijing and travel thursday to pyongyang before returning to washington on sunday , embassy spokesman max kwak said in seoul ."
"a mine exploded monday on a road in southern somalia , killing four people three members of the medical humanitarian group medecins sans frontieres and a journalist ."
"also killed was journalist hassan kafi hared , ."
"the remote controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in siyad village in northern kismayu , said the national union of somali journalists nusoj ."
"hared is the second journalist to be killed this year , according to the committee to protect journalists ."
"the first , year old norwegian reporter carsten thomassen , died jan . in a suicide bomb attack in kabul ."
"in a written statement , a representative of u . n . secretary general ban ki moon said he condemned the killings and demands a thorough investigation by the authorities ."
"london , england cnn a london court monday found five men guilty of britain s biggest ever cash robbery ."
"a jury at the old bailey court convicted the men after a five month trial , a court spokesman said ."
"sentencing was expected as early as tuesday , the spokesman said ."
"the men were convicted of the february holdup of the securitas ab cash depot in tonbridge , kent , about miles southeast of london ."
"garage owner roger coutts , and emir hysenaj , , a postal worker were convicted ."
"john fowler , , was cleared of all charges ."
"investigators said the take from the holdup topped pound . million , which was slightly more than million at the time ."
". million stolen from the northern bank headquarters in belfast , northern ireland , in ."
investigators said the perpetrators held the depot manager s wife and year old son hostage as they forced the manager to let them inside the facility .
"millions of the stolen money , along with hoods , guns , and body armor believed to have been used in the heist ."
"new york cnn sylvester stallone says he used human growth hormone to get buff for the new rambo movie , and defends its use ."
"hgh human growth hormone is nothing , the year old actor tells time magazine in its february issue ."
anyone who calls it a steroid is grossly misinformed .
"because it is nearly undetectable , hgh has become a substance of great concern in major league baseball and other sports battling allegations of rampant doping ."
"testosterone to me is so important for a sense of well being when you get older , stallone says ."
everyone over years old would be wise to investigate it because it increases the quality of your life .
mark my words . in years it will be over the counter .
cnn britain s prince charles will not attend the opening ceremonies of the olympic games in beijing and a group that campaigns against china s human rights record said monday that the future monarch s decision was in solidarity with its aims .
"free tibet campaign officials said they had written to the prince of wales asking him to stay away from the event , which begins on august ."
"however , it was not clear if the prince had been invited to attend he is believed to have gone to an olympics only once before , when his sister princess anne competed in montreal in ."
"the princess royal s daughter , zara phillips , is hoping to represent britain in equestrian at the event this year ."
"her father , captain mark phillips , won a gold medal at the munich games ."
"a spokeswoman for the prince of wales told cnn monday that his office did not comment on private correspondence , but said , there are no plans to attend the ceremony ."
"the free tibet group told the prince a long time supporter of tibetan leader the dalai lama that human rights conditions in china and the small himalayan nation had deteriorated since china was awarded the summer sporting showpiece , despite its promises to improve them ."
"with all that in mind , we asked the prince not to go to the games because to do so would represent the tacit endorsement of the worsening human rights situation in tibet , spokesman matt whitticase told cnn ."
"whitticase said his group received a prompt response from the prince s deputy private secretary , informing it of the prince s decision to stay away ."
the free tibet campaign said the letter from the prince s office read
"as you know , his royal highness has long taken a close interest in tibet ."
you asked if the prince of wales would be attending the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics in .
his royal highness will not be attending the ceremony .
whitticase said his group was now asking other high profile leaders to follow the prince s principled example .
there was no immediate reaction from beijing .
"earlier this month , a foreign ministry spokeswoman told the state news agency that some groups were trying to politicize the games to slur china s image and to put pressure on the chinese government ."
"no country in the world is perfect in human right issues , spokeswoman jiang yu told xinhua . the chinese people are enjoying many rights that they have never enjoyed before ."
"paris , france cnn a french court sentenced six charity workers to eight years in prison on monday for the attempted kidnapping of children in chad ."
a court in chad had sentenced the members of the charity zoe s ark to eight years of hard labor in chad last month .
"but after french president nicolas sarkozy intervened , chad handed them over to france to serve their sentences ."
the public prosecutor had asked the french judge to convert the chadian sentence which does not exist in french law to eight years in prison .
"they have been identified by france s state radio as eric breteau the group s leader emilie lelouch , alain peligat , philippe van winkelberg , dominique aubry and nadia merimi ."
"two weeks ago they appeared in front of a judge in the paris suburb of creteil , when the public prosecutor asked that the chadian sentence be converted to a term in prison , a court of appeals spokeswoman told cnn ."
"the zoe s ark workers were charged in october last year , having been arrested along with three french journalists and seven members of a spanish charter flight company as they tried to leave the country with the children on a plane bound for paris ."
the journalists and flight crew were subsequently released .
"sudan , and had at least one living parent ."
"the six were reportedly also ordered to pay , to each of the children in their african sentencing , but it has not yet been revealed if the french court upheld that part of the punishment ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn a group of gunmen monday released at least students and teachers who had been held for several hours inside a primary school in northwest pakistan , according to pakistani officials and local police ."
"the hostages were unharmed , and the hostage takers were handed over to the custody of tribal elders who had been helping police negotiate an end to the standoff , the officials and police said ."
the tribal leaders later released the gunmen .
"police said the kidnappers will not be held or charged for their actions , and were set free after giving up their weapons ."
"before storming the school , the hostage takers had seized a health official in the nearby town of karak in pakistan s north west frontier province , pakistani interior minister nisar memon told cnn ."
he stressed that the gunmen are local criminals not members of the taliban or al qaeda militant groups who carry out such kidnappings for ransom payments .
"police confronted the kidnappers and engaged them in a firefight , killing one , memon said ."
"the remaining four to seven kidnappers released the health official and fled to the neighboring town of bannu , pursued by police , the minister said ."
karak and bannu are about miles km south of peshawar near pakistan s border with afghanistan .
"speaking at a news conference in london , pakistani president pervez musharraf called the situation a desperate act ."
"these were extremists who were being chased , actually , and they took refuge in the school , musharraf said at a joint news conference with british prime minister gordon brown ."
"so they didn t go really to take the children as hostage . it was incidental that they entered the school to hide themselves but in the process then to hide , they took those students hostage ."
he and brown hailed the reports that the children were released .
"asian stocks tumbled monday as traders took their cues from wall street , where persistent worries about a possible u . s . recession sent shares sinking friday ."
india s benchmark stock index dropped . percent in early trading and hong kong s market slid . percent by midday .
"u . s . stock index futures also were down , suggesting that shares could drop again when the market opens in new york ."
"in an anomaly , australia s main stock index gained percent , or . points , to close at , . ."
"investors around the world have been jittery for weeks about a u . s . slump , which would likely weaken demand for exports and drag on global growth ."
"there is also concern about a worldwide credit crunch triggered by rising defaults in risky u . s . mortgages , which has led to mountains of bad assets at major american and european banks ."
"japan s benchmark nikkei index fell nearly percent , erasing much of its . percent jump from friday ."
"in mainland china , the shanghai composite index fell . percent ."
"uncertainty over the u . s . economy , uncertainty over china s economy , said rob hart , an analyst with morgan stanley in hong kong ."
"people are also worried about contagion in europe . if the u . s . slows down , will it trigger a slowdown in europe ?"
european stocks fell slightly friday amid ongoing speculation about potential problems in the banking sector .
"sen . edward kennedy backed sen . barack obama for president monday , saying , it is time again for a new generation of leadership ."
"it is time now for barack obama , the massachusetts senator and brother of the late president kennedy added ."
"patrick kennedy , and his niece , caroline kennedy , before a screaming capacity crowd of students at american university in washington ."
"like you , we want a president who appeals to the hopes of those who still believe in the american dream , he said ."
i ve found that candidate .
"after kennedy spoke , obama told the boisterous crowed"
i know the cherished place the kennedy family holds in the hearts of the american people .
the illinois democrat said he would work to carry on the vision the senator s brother laid out when he was president nearly five decades ago .
"the dream has never died . . . it lives on in those americans , young and old , rich and poor , black and white , latino and asian and native american , gay and straight , who are tired of a politics that divides us and want to recapture the sense of common purpose that we had when john kennedy was president of the united states of america , obama said ."
"that is the dream we hold in our hearts , obama said ."
and that is the kind of leadership i intend to offer as president of the united states of america .
"kennedy said he has always planned to support the candidate who inspires me , who inspires all of us , who can lift our vision and summon our hopes and renew our belief that our country s best days are still to come ."
"president bush s last state of the union will focus on iraq and the economy , but he also will say he is entering a congressional fray over earmarking taxpayer dollars , administration officials said ."
"our enemies in iraq have been hit hard , the president will say , according to excerpts released by the white house ."
"some may deny the surge is working , but among the terrorists there is no doubt . al qaeda is on the run in iraq , and this enemy will be defeated , he is expected to say ."
"bush will continue to urge patience with the nearly year old iraq war , saying more time is needed for the iraqi government to reach a political settlement and to lock in security gains made since he dispatched nearly , additional u . s . troops there a year ago ."
"democrats have tried to wind down the war since taking control of congress in january , and their leaders continue to make clear their patience has run thin ."
"he ll tell us the war has turned a corner and that victory is in sight , senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , said last week , adding that americans have heard that refrain many times since bush s declaration of victory in may ."
"five years , nearly , deaths and half a trillion dollars later , the mission is still not accomplished , reid said ."
"bush is expected to say that although the economy is undergoing a period of uncertainty , the american people can be confident about our economic growth . interactive bush s message over the years raquo"
"nairobi , kenya cnn the violence plaguing western kenya s rift valley spread to the country s western province monday , according to an official with the international committee of the red cross ."
"reports of a series of instances of violence were coming from kisumu and kakanega in western province , an area where violence earlier this month had abated , icrc spokesman bernard barrett said monday ."
but he added that the reports were preliminary and still too confusing to quantify .
kenya s western province is the area near its border with uganda .
"the result has been a new wave of displaced people several thousand forced from homes or fleeing in fear , barrett said ."
"the icrc has set up new camps to accommodate them because they represent a wider variety of tribal groups , some of whom might not feel comfortable living with those in the established camps ."
"but the situation is better than it was in previous days , in the rift valley cities of naivasha and nakuru which were the focus of violence over the weekend ."
"rumors spread by cell phone text messages predicting imminent attacks by one group or another were heightening tensions , he said ."
"in nakuru , miles northwest of the capital , people have been killed and hundreds more have been wounded by gang members wielding machetes and clubs since violence broke out thursday ."
"in nearby naivasha , boulders and burning tires blocked the streets , forcing drivers to stop as gang members searched for tribal enemies ."
"on sunday , members of one tribe needed protection just to walk down the street ."
security forces fired tear gas and live ammunition to disperse the crowds .
"as many as people were herded sunday into a building and burned to death , the red cross said several others were hacked to death by people wielding machetes ."
the death toll in naivasha was not clear .
"the kenyan red cross went monday to the city morgue not to count bodies but to ensure that proper methods were in place so that the bodies could be identified and family members could find out what happened , icrc s barrett said ."
"the government says to people have been killed in all , but the opposition says at least , have died ."
"more than , people have been displaced in the turmoil , according to the kenyan red cross ."
alleged multibillion dollar rogue trader jerome kerviel was freed monday after french authorities preliminarily charged him with abuse of confidence and illegal access to computers .
"kerviel , , is implicated in what may be the largest securities fraud case against an individual ."
banking giant societe generale has said kerviel s trades for the firm resulted in . billion in losses .
but kerviel s attorney claimed victory monday because the preliminary charges failed to include fraud .
judge renaud van ruymbeke refused a prosecutor s request for kerviel to continue to be held for questioning .
"he is free , said kerviel s lawyer christian charriere bournasel . he is free and he has been cleared of the charge of fraud , which has been repeatedly emphasized by the societe generale bank ."
"however , lawyers said that kerviel , if found guilty of the abuse of confidence charge , could be sentenced to seven years in prison ."
"societe generale bank shares fell nearly percent to . about monday , according to the associated press ."
"kerviel has been cooperative and has admitted exceeding his credit limit in order to make fraudulent transactions involving european index futures , said paris prosecutor jean claude marin ."
"i exploded my credit line , marin quoted kerviel as saying about the loss , the largest by an individual in the securities business ."
"marin requested that kerviel be charged monday because , under french law , a suspect may be held for only hours without charge ."
"beijing , china cnn chinese workers and army soldiers were racing to sweep snow covered highways and unclog railway routes for millions of travelers trapped by cold weather ."
"more than million people have been affected by the weather and economic losses are expected to reach as much as billion , chinese officials say ."
"blizzards have snapped power lines and destroyed houses and farmland , prompting fears of food and energy shortages ."
"twenty four people have died and some , people have been evacuated in different provinces , the ministry of civil affairs said monday ."
"in the past week , the snowstorms have hit the provinces in central , eastern and southern china places that are used to mild winters , not extreme wintry blasts ."
"the snow and sleet have paralyzed roads , railways and airports , leaving tens of millions of travelers marooned , officials say ."
"many of them are bound for home ahead of the traditional lunar new year , also known as the spring festival , which falls on february ."
"for several days before and after that day , an estimated million chinese will travel by train , and million more by plane , officials say ."
millions more will take long haul vans and buses .
the lunar new year travel is china s busiest travel period of the year .
but the cold snap is hampering travel plans .
"railway and highway routes have been brought to a standstill , several regional airports have been closed and many provinces have imposed power brownouts to conserve energy ."
even the local stock market seems affected by the nasty weather .
"the shanghai composite index dropped by more than percent on monday , dragged in part by investors concerns over the damage caused by the foul winter weather ."
worst hit were transport and power stocks .
chinese premier wen jiabao has ordered urgent measures to unclog the transport jam and ensure a steady supply of food and energy .
"let us mobilize urgently and work as one to wage this tough battle against the disaster , he said in an emergency meeting . let s ensure that the people enjoy a joyful and auspicious spring festival ."
but more miserable weather is expected .
"china s weather bureau monday issued a rare red alert , warning of more severe snowstorms in the coming days ."
"if so , the number of stranded travelers will surely swell ."
"beijing , china cnn the watercube , one of the two iconic venues for the beijing olympics , was unveiled on monday ."
"known officially as the national aquatics center , the watercube has been dubbed the cool building of the games ."
"the building s design and its translucent , blue toned outside skin make it look like a cube of bubbles like bubble wrap ."
"forty two gold medals well be handed out at the watercube during the olympics , which start august ."
it was the public s first look at the building after a little more than three years of construction .
"the venue has , permanent and , temporary seats ."
"like the , seat national stadium the bird s nest , which will be completed in march both are seen as works of art and will anchor the olympic green area ."
"while some argue the gargantuan bird s nest could become a white elephant , the watercube has been built to be converted to a shopping area and leisure center with tennis courts , retail outlets , nightclubs and restaurants ."
"this building was designed for use after the games , said john pauline of ptw architects , one of the lead architects on the watercube . we were looking at or years from now ."
"the outside skin is made of a teflon like material etfe ethylene tetrafluoroethylene . composed of two layers , it s separated by an interior passage that allows the building to breathe like a greenhouse ."
"the watercube was built at a cost of more than us million euro million , with donations of us million euro million from people in hong kong , macau and taiwan ."
organizers will stage a swim meet in the watercube on friday to test the facilities .
serbian third seed novak djokovic claimed a dramatic triumph at the australian open when he defeated unseeded frenchman jo wilfried tsonga in sunday s final .
"djokovic s first grand slam victory gave his country its first major triumph , but he had to battle all the way against surprise package tsonga who enjoyed the support of the crowd ."
the year old djokovic had not lost a set in six matches including his stunning success against hat trick chasing holder roger federer in the semifinals .
"but with muhammad ali lookalike tsonga coming out swinging as he did in his straight sets upset over second seed rafael nadal in their last four clash , that streak came to a sudden end when the frenchman broke twice to take the opener in"
"you feel the expectations and pressure , so i m very happy with the way i dealt with the pressure , djokovic said ."
"coming on against a player with nothing to lose he was going for the shots and he was very dangerous , especially in the first set i was pretty nervous ."
"he is the youngest player to win the title since stefan edberg defeated mats wilander in and as well as tsonga , the serb also had to overcome cramps ."
"thailand s parliament chose a prime minister elect on monday , according to thai television ."
"the parliament s choice , samak sundaravej , will become prime minister of thailand if the king confirms the parliament s choice ."
"the return of parliamentary rule after months of military rule follows elections in december in which the people power party ppp , the party of deposed thai leader thaksin shinawatra , won nearly half the seats in the lower house ."
billionaire businessman thaksin was ousted in a military coup after allegations of widespread corruption in his government .
he remains in exile in britain .
samak is a political ally of thaksin .
"pojamarn shinawatra appeared before the supreme court and was released on million baht about , bail and ordered not to leave the country ."
samak has already said that if he became prime minister he would amend the constitution to allow the deposed leader to return to thai politics .
"at least four lebanese opposition protesters were killed sunday in the southern suburbs of beirut while protesting the government s electricity rationing , according to lebanese army sources ."
the army sources gave no details on how the protesters died but said the situation is gradually coming under control .
an investigation has begun into the riots and deaths .
"seven people were killed , hospital and security officials told the associated press ."
"lebanese troops fired their guns into the air to disperse protesters in the suburb of shiah , and one of the bullets struck ahmed hamzah , who later died in a hospital , a spokesman for the opposition movement amal told cnn ."
but the lebanese broadcasting corporation quoting the amal movement said a sniper fatally shot the protester while he was trying to help the army resolve the violent protests .
lbc said the sniper was not a member of the lebanese army .
"amal , a mostly shia muslim political party , is headed by lebanon s parliament speaker , nabih berri ."
a lebanese lawmaker from the hezbollah party called for an investigation into the killings but also urged protesters to return home .
sunday s clashes were confined to mostly shiite areas .
"athens , greece cnn archbishop christodoulos of the greek orthodox church died monday after a battle with cancer , church officials told cnn ."
"christodoulos was the spiritual leader of roughly million greek orthodox christians worldwide , including about million in greece ."
"he had led the church for years , boosting membership after a period of declining attendance and internal turmoil ."
the archbishop also addressed centuries old grievances with the roman catholic church .
"he received the late pope john paul ii in athens in on the first papal visit to greece in nearly , years ."
"during his visit to greece , the pope asked for forgiveness for sins committed against orthodox christians during the , year split between the two traditions ."
the remarks drew applause from christodoulos .
"the declaration followed a roasting by christodoulos , who told the pope that an apology was needed for grievances ranging from the great schism of to a lack of publicly expressed concern over the divided island of cyprus ."
"traumatic experiences remain as open wounds on the greek people s vigorous body , christodoulos said . yet until now , there has not been heard even a single request for pardon ."
"church authorities have scheduled a meeting of the holy synod , the church s governing body , for p . m . monday to discuss the election of a successor ."
church rules say that the holy synod should set a date for the election of an archbishop within days of a leader s death .
"christodoulos died about a . m . monday p . m . sunday e . t . at his home in an athens suburb , church officials said ."
he had battled liver cancer for several months and traveled to the united states in an unsuccessful attempt to get a transplant .
he declined hospital treatment in the last several days .
the church declared three days of mourning and said that the archbishop s body will be placed on public display before his burial in a few days .
more than percent of people in greece belong to the greek orthodox church .
"christodoulos was elected church leader in and is credited with reinvigorating the vast institution , according to reports from the associated press ."
"he helped create church web sites and radio stations , and frequently issued detailed checklists on how black clad orthodox priests should conduct themselves in public ."
"he was regularly named greece s most popular public figure in opinion polls , the ap reported ."
"cnn saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his capture ."
"according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he didn t anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on minutes , scheduled for sunday broadcast ."
"for him , it was critical that he was seen as still the strong , defiant saddam . he thought that faking having the weapons would prevent the iranians from reinvading iraq , said piro ."
"during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site ."
"he told me he initially miscalculated . . . president bush s intentions . he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in . . . a four day aerial attack , piro said ."
he survived that one and he was willing to accept that type of attack .
"once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said ."
"and at that point , it would go into what he called the secret war , the agent said , referring to the insurgency ."
but piro said he was not sure that the insurgency was indeed part of hussein s plan .
"hussein had the ability to restart the weapons program and professed to wanting to do that , piro said ."
he wanted to pursue all of wmd . . . to reconstitute his entire wmd program .
"hussein said he was proud he eluded u . s . authorities who searched for him for nine months after the u . s . led invasion , piro said ."
"he got rid of the protective detail that he traveled with , really just to change his signature ."
hussein was hanged in .
"cnn five young men died saturday when the car they were in drove off the end of a private airstrip near ocala , florida , became airborne for feet and slammed into an oak tree , authorities said ."
"this had to be the worst vehicle crash that i have ever seen during my career , said randy robinson , a spokesman for the emergency medical services alliance with years on the job ."
"the bmw was split in two in the wreck , which happened at a . m . , said lt . mike burroughs , a spokesman for the florida highway patrol troop b ."
he told cnn the victims to years old and all from the area were declared dead at the scene .
"burroughs said it was not clear how the car got onto the private greystone community airstrip the same one actor john travolta uses for his aircraft but the car was driving north on runway , which is . miles long ."
"it is evident that the driver of the vehicle saw he was approaching the end of the runway , burroughs said ."
he attempted a braking maneuver and the vehicle slid sideways off the end of the runway .
"the car flew through the air for feet , he said , and struck an oak tree feet off the ground , splitting the vehicle in two ."
"the engine block of the bmw was completely dislodged and wreckage from the car was found over a square foot area , the fhp spokesman said ."
"it was not known if the victims were wearing seat belts and the agency was awaiting the results of toxicology tests from the medical examiner s office to find out if alcohol or drugs played a role , burroughs said ."
"johannesburg , south africa cnn a national electrical emergency has been declared in south africa where power cuts are affecting millions of people and casting doubt over plans to host the football world cup in ."
authorities on friday outlined steps to combat the problem that is stirring anxiety about the future of the largest economy in africa .
the power has gone off across the country frequently in the last few weeks sometimes for up to five hours at a time as demand exceeds supply .
president thabo mbeki has admitted that his government failed to plan properly after being warned about possible shortages years ago .
the department of public enterprises said power interruptions constituted a national emergency and outlined steps that could bring higher energy prices and more conservation .
"the unprecedented unplanned power outages must now be treated as a national electricity emergency situation that has to be addressed with urgent , vigorous and coordinated actions , public enterprise minister alec erwin told journalists ."
"we are viewing the next two years as being critical , he said ."
"in two years , south africa will hosting the world cup finals with , visitors expected ."
the south african tourism services association said this week the crisis jeopardized the world cup .
"will people come to sa to see them if they know they will be going back to hotels and guest houses with no power ? that means no hot meals , no clean laundry , no lights , said michael tatalias of the tourism association , according to the associated press ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn miss michigan kirsten haglund , a year old aspiring broadway star , was crowned miss america on saturday in a live show billed as the unveiling of the year old pageant s new , hipper look ."
"haglund , of farmington hills , michigan , sang over the rainbow and walked a crowd pleasing strut in a black and gold bikini to clinch the title ."
"she beat miss indiana nicole elizabeth rash , the first runner up , and miss washington elyse umemoto , the second runner up for the , scholarship and year of travel that comes with the crown ."
"haglund , who studies music at the university of cincinnati , grew up in a pageant family ."
"her mother is an active volunteer , and her grandmother iora hunt , competed for the crown as miss michigan ."
"haglund , a cheery , classic blond , wore a revealing silver sequined dress and black bikini during the evening gown and swimsuit portions of the pageant ."
"as her platform issue , she promised to advocate for awareness of eating disorders , an illness from which she has recovered ."
the show was the latest in a series of attempts to find an audience with a younger demographic after more than a decade of declining ratings .
"usually tame by modern tv standards , the swimwear competition kicked it up a notch ."
"most contestants wore black bikinis , and some struck provocative poses and twirled as the audience howled ."
"contestants also wore blue jeans and added a bit of humor to the traditional opening number , the parade of states ."
the long struggling pageant had promised a new look for this year s beauty battle .
entertainment tonight reporter mark steines was the master of ceremonies of the show .
clinton kelly of tlc s hit what not to wear also helped with the hosting duties .
"colombia s problems with violence particularly labor strife could get worse unless congress approves a free trade deal with the country , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said ."
"rice s visit friday is the latest , most high profile one in a coordinated campaign by colombia and the white house to win over skeptical democrats and revive the trade pact , which was first signed in but has not yet been passed by congress ."
"i m here to say very strongly that whatever the challenges facing colombia , they are not going to be easier if this free trade deal does not pass , rice said thursday in the andean nation s second largest city , medellin . in fact , they will be harder ."
colombia is the world s most dangerous country for labor organizing .
"rice and nine democratic lawmakers met in medellin with union leaders who oppose the deal to hear complaints that president alvaro uribe has failed to stamp out the violence , including murder ."
"there s not a country in the world where the list of martyrs is as long as it is in colombia , said carlos gutierrez , head of the cut labor umbrella organization that represents colombia s , unionized workers ."
"more than trade unionists have been killed in colombia since , according to the government ."
only a small fraction of the killings have been solved .
"rice acknowledged that colombia is still wracked by violence related to its half century civil conflict , but she said as a staunch ally and caretaker in the war on drugs , the country deserves continued u . s . support ."
"the bush administration s support for the free trade deal is not because we believe that the colombian story is perfect or complete , rice told reporters , but because we believe that in the context of the growth and economic activity that the free trade agreement will produce , colombia will be better able to meet its problems ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn former indonesian dictator suharto the smiling general who ruled his country with an iron fist for three decades died sunday at a hospital in jakarta , said his doctor . he was ."
"he was rushed to pertamina hospital on january for treatment of a failing liver , heart and lungs , his doctors said ."
he had been suffering at home for five days .
his death comes just a day after his doctors said he appeared to be making a remarkable recovery .
"my father passed away peacefully , cried suharto s eldest daughter , tutut , according to the associated press . may god bless him and forgive all of his mistakes ."
"a week of national mourning was declared by president susilo bambang yudhoyono , who is taking charge of a state funeral after suharto s body is flown by air force planes to the family mausoleum ."
"in a televised address , yudhoyono called on the people of indonesia to pay their last respects to one of indonesia s best sons and national leader who has done very great service to his beloved nation ."
"suharto , who , like other indonesians , only has one name , was president of indonesia from until he was forced to resign amid immense political pressure and mass street protests in ."
poor health kept him from court after he left office .
"suharto was vilified as one of the world s most brutal rulers and was accused of overseeing a reign of corruption and , later , economic decline ."
most of the political killings blamed on suharto took place in the s .
"later about , people were killed , disappeared or jailed in the fight for independence in east timor , aceh and papua , human rights groups and the united nations say ."
"but he is also credited with shaping modern indonesia , a mainly muslim country of million people , by boosting its economy and making the sprawling archipelago a regional power ."
"as the five day world economic forum wrapped up in the remote ski resort of davos , the event s co chairs gathered for one last effort to steer the agenda away from market turmoil and promote its goals of achieving positive global change ."
"but the meeting which began a day after the u . s . federal reserve made a surprise . point rate cut as it struggled to calm roller coaster financial markets , a move that drew mixed reaction in davos was racked with recession anxieties to the last ."
"there was also criticism that the annual meeting of more than , global powerbrokers often criticized for being little more than a talking shop had shied away from key discussing issues such as the conflict in darfur ."
"people have to keep in mind , throughout history we have always had cycles , people shouldn t be surprised , jp morgan ceo james dimon , one of the event s co chairs told the closing debate , hosted by cnn s hala gorani ."
"in the past or years world economies have taken two billion people of poverty . we have the chance to do amazing stuff , the cycle will turn one way or the other , he said ."
"former british prime minister tony blair , meanwhile , stressed the crucial role of economics in ending conflict , underscoring his role as middle east peace envoy and the davos meeting s efforts to shake its image as a corporate schmooze fest ."
"if there is economic development then the politics is easier . if the people are poor and miserable then it is harder , he said ."
"blair added that he was confident efforts to tackle climate change would bear fruit , but no one should underestimate the scale of the challenge ."
"suspected islamic extremists arrested last week in barcelona were planning al qaeda style attacks in spain , germany , france , britain and portugal , according to an informant who infiltrated the group , spain s el pais newspaper reports ."
"if we attack the metro subway system in barcelona , the emergency services can t get there , one of the suspected suicide bombers told the informant , el pais reported on saturday . our preference is public transport , especially the metro ."
el pais reported that it had access to the informant s testimony to spanish officials .
"the judge who ordered suspects held for allegedly plotting a suicide attack in barcelona , cited in his rulings the testimony of an informant . cnn has viewed the rulings ."
"spain s interior minister last friday said an informant warned of a planned suicide attack against barcelona s metro on the weekend of january to . but he added that , for now , there is only the testimony of an informant regarding the timing ."
"spain s attorney general , candido conde pumpido , said last week that the cell could have contained six suicide bombers , two explosives experts and two ideologues ."
"judge ismael moreno , in rulings last wednesday , wrote that the informant had named three suspected suicide bombers and an explosives expert , all of whom had traveled from pakistan to barcelona since last summer ."
"the judge ordered these four men held , out the total of jailed suspects who are from south asia . they include nine pakistani nationals and a man from india , who is muslim ."
a court appointed translator told cnn that all suspects testified during their arraignments that they were innocent .
"the informant had traveled by train from france to barcelona on january , a few days before police made arrests in barcelona , el pais reported saturday ."
"a day earlier , the newspaper reported that the informant worked for french intelligence ."
"sen . barack obama sought sunday to use his south carolina victory to expand his appeal , saying the first southern primary reflects what americans are looking for ."
"speaking to abc s this week , obama argued that the result in south carolina speaks extraordinarily well , not just for folks in the south , but all across the country . i think people want change ."
but sen . hillary clinton noted that both she and her top democratic rival have won a primary and a caucus .
"and she told cbs face the nation that the election ultimately is not about the candidates , but about what we re going to do as a country and the lives of the people watching us ."
clinton also suggested that the dynamic in the tightly contested race for the democratic presidential nomination could shift again in two days when florida holds its primary .
"i ll be there tuesday night , clinton said ."
"florida s delegates are not slotted to count in the race , and the democratic candidates opted not to campaign there , steps called for by the democratic party as a way of penalizing the state for moving its primary to an earlier date ."
"many florida democrats have complained they want their votes counted , and clinton has called on the party to seat delegates from florida and michigan which was similarly penalized at the party convention this summer ."
"both clinton and obama as well as former sen . john edwards , who has not won any of the early states are pouring their energy and money into super tuesday , the biggest single day showdown of the race ."
"the majority of white voters in the primary supported his rivals , exit polls showed ."
"speaking sunday to abc during a campaign stop in macon , georgia , obama said south carolina voters showed they want to get beyond some of the racial politics that , you know , has been so dominant in the past . we re very encouraged as we go to the february states ."
"unless more is done to tackle growing extremism in countries including pakistan , afghanistan could once again fall into terrorist hands with dire consequence for the region and the world , the country s president warned friday ."
"hamid karzai said misguided policy objectives of unnamed countries or organizations were continuing to fuel violence in afghanistan , although he was confident al qaeda chief osama bin laden was no longer within its borders ."
"speaking in an exclusive interview with cnn on the sidelines of the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , karzai also reluctantly accepted his image as a puppet of america but he shied away from accepting reported u . s . doubts that nato troops lacked the training to combat the taliban . asked if he agreed with a"
"recent assessment by u . s . defense secretary robert gates reported in the l . a . times that nato forces lacked the necessary skills , karzai said he was not able to comment , but the fight needed to be more focused in afghanistan and beyond ."
"i believe there has to be a bigger effort , a more robust effort concentrated on the right objective , he said ."
"the truth is that without the united states in afghanistan , afghanistan would be a very poor , miserable country , occupied by neighbors and al qaeda and terrorists ."
"a fire charred the top of two of three wings of the monte carlo resort and casino on friday , causing no major injuries but forcing visitors and employees to evacuate , authorities said ."
"a bit over an hour after it began , the fire was fully contained , according to the fire departments in las vegas and clark county ."
"firefighters would remain at the hotel until the fire is completely knocked out , said clark county fire chief steven m . smith ."
"it was mainly an exterior fire , although there might have been slight damage to some rooms , he told cnn after a news conference ."
the cause of the fire was unknown . welders had been working on the roof .
"the hotel has more than , rooms , including penthouse suites , and conference rooms ."
the more expensive rooms are on the top floors .
the hotel was built in for million . it is in the heart of the resort corridor .
"the monte carlo , a subsidiary of mgm mirage , has about , employees ."
"bendtner complained of being struck by his gunners team mate in the second half of tuesday night s carling cup defeat by tottenham , but no action will be taken by the fa ."
both players will be written to to remind them of their responsibilities .
the fa requested a copy of the relevant television footage to assist their investigation after referee howard webb confirmed he did not witness the whole event .
"but having viewed the footage , webb felt it was inconclusive and could not recommend issuing retrospective charges against any player ."
"bendtner , who had scored an own goal earlier in the match , became involved in a heated altercation with adebayor and appeared to complain of being headbutted by the togo international ."
arsenal captain william gallas stepped in to try to calm matters down before then being confronted himself by the angry young danish striker .
webb intervened to restore order and yesterday adebayor apologised for the bust up with bendtner .
"i think that we should have been more calm during the game and although i was pleased to get a goal back for the team when i came on , i am sorry for the disagreement with my team mate nicklas ."
"the new york times endorsed arizona sen . john mccain for the republican presidential nomination over rudy giuliani and the rest of the gop field , strongly criticizing the former mayor of its home city ."
"in endorsements posted on its web site for friday s editions , the times also endorsed new york sen . hillary clinton for the democratic nomination ."
"senator john mccain of arizona is the only republican who promises to end the george bush style of governing from and on behalf of a small , angry fringe , the paper s editorial board wrote ."
"with a record of working across the aisle to develop sound bipartisan legislation , he would offer a choice to a broader range of americans than the rest of the republican field ."
"the endorsement anticipated readers asking how the new york paper could reject giuliani , a man it endorsed for re election in and praised for his work cleaning up crime in the city and during the time of the september , attacks ."
"the rudolph giuliani of first shamelessly turned the horror of into a lucrative business , with a secret client list , then exploited his city s and the country s nightmare to promote his presidential campaign , the paper writes , describing giuliani as a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man ."
"giuliani played down the harsh words , suggesting that the times has a liberal editorial staff that often disapproved of him ."
"i changed welfare , i changed quality of life , i took on homelessness i did all the things that they think makes you mean and i believe show true compassion and true love for people ."
"the paper praised clinton s chief rival , sen . barack obama , but called clinton more qualified for the job ."
"mrs . clinton has more than cleared that bar , using her years in the senate well to immerse herself in national security issues , and has won the respect of world leaders and many in the american military ."
the democratic editorial contrasts clinton and obama calling her the brilliant if at times harsh sounding senator from new york and him the incandescent if still undefined senator from illinois .
"cleveland , ohio cnn a group of greyhounds rescued after a life of racing are helping to save more canine lives with the donation of their blood ."
"the dogs , most owned by professors , technicians and students at the ohio state university veterinary school , visit the school several times a year to give blood ."
"greyhounds represent the bulk of the donors , and with good reason because they typically have a universal blood type that any dog can receive ."
"greyhounds also have big neck veins that make drawing blood easy , said veterinarian guillermo couto , who works with the animal blood donor program at osu ."
dog owners say their pets show no reluctance to donate blood . he knows where we re going .
"as soon as we pull up to the veterinary hospital , he s like dragging me , said sarah nash , , of kent , a senior veterinary student who adopted her greyhound , kenyon , three years ago ."
"but the animals , like humans , sometimes need blood because of illness , injury or surgery , couto said ."
couto said any suggestion of a donor mill wasn t fair because the dogs have homes and only come to the clinic to give blood and get a checkup .
the dogs get free food and veterinary care .
"people for the ethical treatment of animals peta , said the arrangement sounded like a way to assure good adoptive homes for greyhounds ."
"to think they are in good , loving homes and they have been rescued from a difficult racing life that s a positive thing , said daphna nachminovitch , a peta spokeswoman ."
most of the osu donors give blood four or five times a year .
"like humans , dog blood donations are one pint , which can provide several blood products ."
"danny glover has been convicted in niagara falls , ontario , for trespassing in a hotel during a union rally in ."
"glover , who wasn t in court , was convicted thursday along with unite here union representative alex dagg and ontario federation of labour president wayne samuelson ."
"canadian niagara hotels charged the three with trespassing at their sheraton on the falls property during a september , , protest ."
the year old glover took part in the protest as part of a larger campaign that aims to increase salaries and improve working conditions for hotel workers in the u . s . and canada .
"unite here represents , hotel , food service , garment and manufacturing workers across canada and , in north america ."
"secretary of defense robert gates said thursday that the united states is ready , able and willing to send troops to pakistan if the government of the south asian nation is interested ."
u . s . military officials have told cnn that commanders are reviewing a classified planning order that could result in troops going to pakistan for training purposes if pakistan s government approves .
the announcement comes as pakistan s government faces what gates called increased efforts by al qaeda .
"musharraf and other pakistani leaders , however , have repeatedly said it is their military not that of the united states that will fight elements of al qaeda and the taliban that are believed to live and train in the mountainous region of pakistan that borders afghanistan ."
"we will continue the dialogue , but we would not do anything without their approval ."
analysts say the visible presence of u . s . troops particularly a large ground force could provoke anti american sentiment among many pakistanis .
"the presence of u . s . forces in pakistan would be hugely inflammatory for the rest of the country and probably would destabilize pakistan in a more serious way than it is right now , said frederick barton of the center for strategic and international studies , a washington think tank . so , clearly , training is the best thing we can do ."
"pakistani opposition leader imran khan , in comments to cnn international , predicted that a heavy u . s . military presence in the tribal areas along the pakistan afghan border would make the situation worse , not better ."
"if the u . s . sends its troops into the tribal areas , it will be a bigger quagmire than iraq , said khan , a former cricket star seeking the nation s presidency . it will be the biggest disaster u . s . could commit ."
"folsom , pennsylvania cnn the skies won t seem especially friendly to anyone taking off from philadelphia international airport if they notice what a suburban couple wrote on the roof of their home ."
"expletive u faa , the message reads , though one letter of the profane word is substituted with an underline ."
below that it is a picture of a plane with a slash through it and the words no fly zone .
"homeowner michael hall and his girlfriend , michaelene buddy , are angry that jets have been flying over their house since last month , when the federal aviation administration altered departures heading out of philadelphia . hall says he has to sleep with earplugs ."
so they issued their complaint in roof sealant and foot tall letters about two weeks ago .
"just doing it made me feel better , but i d still like to say what i wrote directly to the idiot head of the faa , hall told the philadelphia daily news for thursday s editions ."
the flight changes are part of a massive restructuring of the airspace over the congested corridor between new york and philadelphia .
"the couple s ridley township home is in delaware county , southwest of philadelphia ."
the county argues in a lawsuit that the faa s environmental impact study violated federal regulations and that the new flight paths will only marginally reduce airport delays .
cnn twenty members of the polish air force returning from a flight safety conference have been killed when a transport plane crashed in the northwest of the country .
authorities had initially said the crash on wednesday evening killed seven people .
"a general was among the passengers and four crew members who were killed , defense ministry col . cezary siemion said ."
"the spanish built casa transporter crashed near the town of miroslawiec , a few hundred kilometers northwest of warsaw , around p . m . gmt ."
"the passengers had attended the th annual flight safety conference , held in warsaw on wednesday ."
the plane took off from warsaw and was making several stops before returning to its home base in krakow .
"officials said it was the first accident in poland involving a casa transporter , which is generally considered an extremely reliable aircraft ."
"siemion said investigators were working to determine the cause of the crash , which occurred as the plane was about to land ."
"soldiers , husbands and fathers have died , and that is the most tragic result of this catastrophe , prime minister donald tusk said , according to the associated press ."
"kenyan president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga met thursday for the first time since last month s bitterly disputed election , under the auspices of former u . n . secretary general kofi annan ."
"today , we have taken the first vital steps in resolving the electoral dispute and conflict that has ravaged this country for nearly a month now , said odinga , who shook hands with kibaki following thursday s meeting ."
"after being sworn in as your duly elected president of kenya , i will personally lead our country in promoting unity , tolerance , peace , and harmony among kenyans ."
"the one hour meeting was intended to break the ice , kenya s foreign minister moses wetangula had said earlier ."
"the three men were alone in the room , without any aides , in an effort to show we support genuine dialogue , wetangula said ."
"annan arrived in kenya on tuesday to help resolve the dispute that has resulted in widespread ethnic violence , although some say tensions had been simmering long before the december vote ."
more than people have been killed in the violence that followed the election in which kibaki kept his post .
"odinga , the orange democratic movement candidate for president , and his supporters claim the election was rigged , and international observers noted some irregularities"
"after the vote , supporters of kibaki , a member of the kikuyu tribe , battled with supporters of odinga , a member of the luo tribe , in bloody street fights that often involved machetes ."
french banking giant societe generale said thursday it had uncovered an exceptional fraud case that cost it a staggering . billion . billion .
"the bank said one of its traders , a french man in his s , had made fraudulent transactions involving european index futures that were beyond his permitted trading limits , then created false transactions to cover his tracks ."
"adding to the pain , the bank said it has taken a financial hit as a result of exposure to the subprime mortgage market in the united states ."
"contacted by cnn , the bank would neither confirm nor deny that name as the identity of the trader ."
the bank said it discovered the fraud over the weekend and confirmed it was an isolated case .
"this activity , concealed and hidden , was of an enormous size and was running considerable risks to the bank and to a lot of operators , chief executive daniel bouton told a news conference shortly after the bank announced the fraud ."
the fraud at societe general is the largest ever fraud by an individual in the securities business .
"it eclipses the case of british trader nick leeson , whose losses of more than . billion led to the collapse of barings bank ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn cloverfield is the first adrenaline pumping monster hit of the year , bringing in more than million dollars on its opening weekend ."
the thriller is told from the point of view of five young new yorkers using their handheld camera .
"but for some viewers , being part of the movie is making them sick literally ."
"one blogger on the popular movie database imdb . com said , i had to get up and leave the theater for nearly minutes just to keep from hurling ."
other moviegoers have reported being nauseated and dizzy .
"most viewers are unaffected by the film , but for those who are , experts say the problem is in their heads ."
"this is a classic case of vertigo , said dr . michael g . stewart , chairman of otorhinolaryngology ear , nose and throat medicine at newyork presbyterian hospital weil cornell medical center ."
vertigo is caused when a person s balance system gets confused .
"your body feels a strong visual sensation of movement but in reality , you aren t moving at all ."
amc theaters across the country have posted signs warning moviegoers of potential side effects associated with motion sickness similar to riding a roller coaster .
so why does the film style affect some viewers and not others ?
"people have different levels of susceptibility , similar to how some people cannot ride on a small boat without getting sick , stewart said . it s just a natural variation ."
"the good news is , experiencing vertigo is rare for most people ."
"so if you are itching to see cloverfield but are worried you might get sick , experts recommend taking a dose of over the counter anti vertigo medicine , sold under such brand names as bonine and dramamine ii . it might not protect you from all the symptoms , but it could , and it certainly can t hurt , stewart said ."
another tip is to briefly close your eyes during the movie .
it may be enough to recalibrate your sensors and soothe your symptoms long enough to finish the movie .
"and if you re really concerned , just wait to rent the movie ."
"when you are on your couch , you have perspective around the screen so your mind knows the movie is moving and the room isn t ."
"just days away from the florida primary , rudy giuliani has lost his grip on the state he once called crucial to his presidential chances ."
"giuliani , who has finished in the single digits in every contest so far , largely skipped the early voting states to focus on florida and the super tuesday states voting on february ."
"the former new york mayor once led in florida and most national polls , but his plummeting numbers are causing some to question his strategy ."
"rudy has fallen like the dow jones industrial average , said bill adair , chief editor of the st . petersburg times . what s happened is he gambled on florida and put all his chips on florida , and it s beginning to look like he gambled wrong ."
"giuliani s poor finishes have cast doubt on his viability , adair said on cnn s american morning ."
"what he miscalculated on is mccain and romney and huckabee all come with some momentum into florida because they won other states , and rudy doesn t have momentum , he said ."
"so far , mccain has won new hampshire and south carolina romney took wyoming , nevada and michigan and huckabee came in first in iowa ."
"as concerns about the economy top the worries of republican voters , giuliani s launched an ad that touts his fiscal record as mayor , and he s been touting his plans to cut taxes ."
"rome , italy cnn italy s prime minister lost a confidence vote thursday in the senate and will be resigning his office ."
"romano prodi , in office for months , had only a slim chance of surviving the vote ."
observers had said a senate loss could spell a new period of instability in italian politics .
"addressing senators before the vote , prodi asked them to back him so he can continue to implement the reforms introduced by his government ."
he said the italian economy had been improving under his mandate .
"prodi acknowledged that he would have to make some changes in his leadership , but he told the senators that the country needed continuity in government and that his was legitimately elected by the people ."
"prodi met thursday morning with president giorgio napolitano , after which he decided to go ahead with the senate vote thursday evening ."
"knowing he faced likely rejection , prodi could have decided to resign before the vote ."
his decision to go ahead with it was seen by some as a complicated political gamble .
"now that prodi has lost the senate vote , napolitano could name a new prime minister , but he will most likely call for snap elections ."
it is a scenario that prodi s senate foes have said they want to avoid .
"davos , switzerland cnn pakistan s president pervez musharraf lashed out thursday at what he called western intellectual arrogance toward his country , angrily dismissing claims that rising unpopularity has undermined his authority ."
he also dismissed allegations that he cannot be trusted to hold free and fair elections as totally absurd .
"musharraf , who was forced to impose a state of emergency last year to quell violent protests but failed to prevent the assassination of opposition leader benazir bhutto , sought to defend his embattled leadership and record in combating terrorism ."
"musharraf told cnn in an exclusive interview on the sidelines of the world economic forum in davos , switzerland ."
"why doesn t it understand that we maybe are a developing country , we have our flaws , we believe in constitution , we know how to run government , we are not such clueless people who do not know how to run a country , we have our own brains ."
"he added , unfortunately there is a degree of , may i say , intellectual arrogance that i see in the west which thinks that these developing countries are some kind of people who do not know how to govern , they do not know anything ."
musharraf has been accused by western critics and his political opponents of rolling back democracy in pakistan in an effort to maintain power .
"the president , whose security forces are often accused of colluding with militant elements in pakistan , defended his record on tackling terrorism but insisted he was not working for the west , despite close alliance with washington ."
"do not create such misconception that we are backtracking , we are following a multi pronged strategy military , political , socio economic ."
and we are doing very well .
"mexico city , mexico cnn one of the reputed leaders of the powerful sinaloa drug cartel was formally charged wednesday and transferred to the same maximum security prison from which his boss escaped in a laundry cart seven years ago ."
"alfredo beltran leyva was charged with drug trafficking , organized crime and illegal weapons stockpiling , the mexican attorney general s office said in a statement ."
"he was transferred before dawn to the puente grande prison in the western state of jalisco , the statement said ."
"the sinaloa cartel s alleged top boss , joaquin guzman , escaped from puente grande in january after bribing guards who hid him in a laundry cart ."
maria sharapova just keeps getting better at the australian open .
"sharapova , who lost in the final last year to serena williams , will play the winner of thursday s second semifinal between serbian player ana ivanovic and slovakia s daniela hantuchova ."
"the year old sharapova , who hasn t dropped a set in six matches at melbourne park this year , won her first major at wimbledon in , then added the u . s . open title in ."
"i had a bit of a letdown , i was too good for my own level , sharapova said of her first set lapse . but i m really happy to get back in the final ."
"the start of the match was delayed for about minutes when rain began falling in the warmup , forcing organizers to close the roof at rod laver arena ."
"seattle , washington cnn faced with growing competition from cheaper rivals , starbucks corp . is selling small cups of drip coffee for with free refills as part of a test in its hometown ."
"that s about cents less than the seattle based coffee retailer normally charges for an oz . cup of joe , though prices vary from store to store ."
"cup of premium roast at competitors like mcdonald s and dunkin donuts is . and . , respectively , the companies said wednesday ."
starbucks said in statement e mailed wednesday by spokeswoman bridget baker that the test is not indicative of any new business strategy .
"testing is a way of life for us , as we are constantly looking for new ways to connect with the customer and provide the best starbucks experience , the statement said ."
"in the second price hike in a year , starbucks in july raised the average price of its coffee and other freshly made drinks in most of its u . s . stores by cents , citing the rising cost of dairy products and other essentials ."
price increases have helped shore up revenue as traffic in u . s . stores flattened and then declined last quarter for the first time since the company went public in .
but schultz said he believes the company s main problem was it lost its focus on customers in recent years as it concentrated on growth .
"he has downplayed the threat from a growing cadre of competitors , saying the company has always faced tough competition ."
"starbucks is the world s largest chain of coffee houses , with more than , stores in countries ."
"london , england cnn british authorities told cnn wednesday they are examining a home video that shows singer amy winehouse smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she is heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti anxiety drug valium ."
"scotland yard said it had received the video from the sun newspaper , which made it public tuesday ."
"a grammy nominated singer , winehouse s alleged battle with drugs have garnered constant headlines ."
"her hit song rehab describes her reluctance to enter a rehabilitation center , which she did last summer ."
the sun posted an edited portion of the video on its web site .
"her uk label , island records , issued a statement saying , we are deeply disappointed and upset by these latest revelations and are doing everything we can to offer amy our full support in dealing with her problems ."
"in october , winehouse and her husband were arrested at a norwegian hotel for marijuana possession , and soon after fans booed her on stage as she slurred and stumbled her way through her songs ."
"in december , tabloids published pictures of winehouse with a mystery white powder in her nose ."
"she was also photographed wandering barefoot on a london street , wearing only jeans and a bra , and appearing disoriented ."
"winehouse received six nominations for next month s grammy awards , including record and song of the year for rehab and best album for back to black ."
"london , england cnn two british teenagers have been sentenced to nine months in prison for trying to smuggle cocaine out of ghana , a spokesman for britain s foreign office said wednesday ."
"the spokesman , who declined to be named , said the girls would not have to serve the full sentence because they had already spent more than six months in jail ."
"the year olds were arrested on july last year as they tried to board a plane in the african country s capital , accra , carrying hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of cocaine ."
a ghanaian court found them guilty in november of possessing drugs and trying to smuggle them out of the country .
"the bush administration said wednesday it is too early to remove north korea from a u . s . terrorism blacklist , a major demand by pyongyang in international nuclear disarmament negotiations ."
"on tuesday , dell dailey , the state department s counterterror chief , told reporters that north korea appears to have complied with the criteria needed to be removed from the list ."
"but white house press secretary dana perino , asked wednesday if the administration was about to remove the north from the list , said no . right now where we are is waiting on the north koreans to provide a complete and accurate declaration of their nuclear activities ."
the united states maintains that removing the north from the u . s . terrorism list is linked to north korean progress on meeting commitments under a six nation nuclear deal to disarm .
"bangkok , thailand cnn the world s rush to embrace biofuels is causing a spike in the price of corn and other crops and could worsen water shortages and force poor communities off their land , a u . n . official said wednesday ."
"speaking at a regional forum on bioenergy , regan suzuki of the u . n . s food and agriculture organization acknowledged that biofuels are better for the environment than fossil fuels and boost energy security for many countries ."
"foremost among the concerns is increased competition for agricultural land , which suzuki warned has already caused a rise in corn prices in the united states and mexico and could lead to food shortages in developing countries ."
"she also said china and india could face worsening water shortages because biofuels require large amounts of water , while forests in indonesia and malaysia could face threats from the expansion of palm oil plantations ."
"initially , biofuels were held up as a panacea for countries struggling to cope with the rising cost of oil or those looking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions ."
"the european union , for example , plans to replace percent of transport fuel with biofuels made from energy crops such as sugar cane and rapeseed oil by ."
"but in recent months , scientists , private agencies and even the british government have said biofuels could do more harm than good ."
"rather than protecting the environment , they say energy crops destroy natural forests that actually store carbon and thus are a key tool in the fight to reduce global warming ."
"spears , , and her ex husband kevin federline , , are battling over custody of their two sons , sean preston , , and jayden james , ."
an emergency court hearing was requested to discuss the pop star s visitation rights .
gordon kept that order in effect during another emergency hearing last week .
"spears also arrived at court for that hearing but then quickly turned around and left , chased by photographers ."
a superior court spokesman said no changes in the order suspending spears visitation rights were made .
"london , england cnn the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still cannot remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it ."
"bodyguard trevor rees , formerly known as trevor rees jones , was the front seat passenger in the mercedes that carried diana , her boyfriend , dodi fayed , and their driver , henri paul ."
"he sustained serious injuries in the august , crash and testified that he received anonymous phone calls and letters after the accident , threatening him to keep quiet ."
"he said the caller told him to keep quiet , saying , we know who you are , we know where you are , and we know where you live ."
"rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident ."
"he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead ."
he denied the security services paid him to change his story .
"at the time of the crash , rees was working for al fayed s security team and was assigned to guard dodi fayed . he was also protecting the princess because she was fayed s companion on the trip ."
"ten air force reserve f fighter jets were the cause of the lights seen over parts of central texas earlier this month that many believed to be ufos , according to an air force reserve news release ."
"the f s were on a nighttime training mission over the brownwood military operating area on january , near stephenville , texas , the statement said . a military operating area is airspace designated for military training , according to air force officials ."
"the air force reported it had no aircraft flying that night , which left people wondering what they saw ."
"a spokesman for the air force reserve fighter wing , karl lewis , said the error in the reporting resulted from an internal communications problem between offices at the base ."
"the release said the planes were in the area between p . m . and p . m . , about the time many people reported seeing the lights , according to reporting at the time ."
"lewis said the planes were from the th fighter squadron based at the reserve base outside of fort worth , texas ."
the u . s . rollercoaster day followed sharp declines in european markets while many asian benchmark indexes enjoyed gains .
"in london , the ftse closed down . percent , or . points , while paris cac closed down . percent and frankfurt s dax down . percent ."
the losses across europe on wednesday wiped out initial gains at the start of the day s trading after london and paris had both closed ahead on tuesday .
"earlier , asian markets , which had suffered the most damage earlier in the week , enjoyed healthy gains with hong kong s hang sen rallying more than percent and japan s benchmark nikkei gaining more than percent ."
"but there were gains in australia where the s p asx index rose . percent to close at , . after losing . percent the day before korea , singapore and india ."
"commenting on the earlier stocks rebound , cnn international s financial editor todd benjamin wrote in his blog we ve seen a fundamental shift in global market psychology in less than hours , the big question now is is it sustainable ?"
a lot will depend on earnings and economic data . the fear of recession in the world s biggest economy hasn t gone away .
"the big problems remain . the fallout from the sub prime crisis continues , housing values continue to fall , consumers are retrenching , earnings are under pressure ."
"madrid , spain cnn the spanish judge overseeing the arraignment of terrorism suspects said wednesday that they had planned to carry out a series of suicide attacks last weekend on public transportation in barcelona ."
"in a sequence of six page rulings , one for each of the suspects he ordered to be held in jail after their arraignments ."
"the ruling said three suspected suicide bombers had traveled from pakistan to barcelona since october , with the most recent one arriving as late as mid january ."
the three had followed another pakistani man the alleged explosives expert who had just arrived after a five month stay in pakistan .
"this pattern is common in islamic extremist groups , which to carry out an attack usually send in the suicide bombers shortly before it will occur , the judge wrote ."
"twelve men were arraigned wednesday , but moreno allowed two to go free ."
"those two pakistani nationals who had been arrested with the others were released for lack of evidence , according to their court appointed lawyer and a court source ."
the who were kept in custody include eight pakistani nationals and two indian nationals who are muslim .
"the suspects were arrested last weekend in barcelona and taken to civil guard headquarters in madrid , where they were questioned ."
authorities announced the arrests on saturday .
spanish and other european intelligence agencies told spanish police that the suspects were acquiring bomb making materials .
"these included four timers to activate bombs , interior minister alfredo perez rubalcaba said saturday ."
the interior minister said authorities searched five homes in barcelona and seized the four timers along with computer information .
spanish news media reported that authorities became alarmed recently when a known pakistani militant arrived in barcelona .
"more than suspected islamic extremists have been arrested in spain since the madrid train bombings killed people and wounded more than , on march , , the interior ministry has told cnn ."
but many of the suspected islamic radicals arrested in spain since the train bombings were accused only of financing or recruitment for islamic terrorist activities .
"israel said wednesday it expects egypt to solve the problem after at least , people crossed the downed gaza egyptian border to buy supplies ."
"palestinians , running out of fuel , food and other supplies after israel closed gaza border crossings , poured into egypt through blown out and torn down breaches in the border wall ."
"egyptian guards stood by without intervening , and egypt s foreign ministry spokesman announced that the nation would remain open to the needy as long as this is a humanitarian crisis ."
"we are not opening the rafah crossing just for everybody to cross we re opening it because it s a very dire humanitarian situation , said spokesman hassam zaki ."
"after the shopping spree , zaki said , we expect everyone to go back to gaza to their homes within a short period of time ."
israel s foreign ministry said the open border posed a security risk .
"when the exit from gaza is open , so is the entrance , ministry spokesman aryeh mekel said . hamas and other terrorist groups may use this opportunity to smuggle weapons and terrorists into gaza ."
the exodus followed israel s closing of its gaza border crossings friday to punish gaza s hamas leadership after days of rocket attacks on southern israel .
"mindful of its diplomatic pact with egypt , israel s foreign ministry issued a tersely worded call for egypt to ensure that the border operates properly , in accordance with the signed agreements and israel expects the egyptians to solve the problem ."
"israel s border closings have left hamas controlled gaza cut off from food , fuel and other necessities ."
"cnn a man who rescued a co worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said ."
"the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant s arm . but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden ."
"grant , who is in his late s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . his injuries were not life threatening , fowden said ."
"the two men are workers at a crocodile farm in darwin , the capital city of the northern territory ."
tottenham ended more than eight years of failure against bitter rivals arsenal in some style with a resounding victory at white hart lane to book a trip to wembley in the league cup final where they will play either chelsea or everton .
"tottenham should have put the tie beyond doubt after dominating the first leg at the emirates stadium a fortnight ago , but following a late goal from theo walcott to earn a draw , arsenal still had it all to play for ."
"however , despite adding experience in the form of captain william gallas , alex hleb and , from the bench cesc fabregas and togo frontman emmanuel adebayor , this proved one game too far for arsene wenger s emerging side , who nevertheless still have bigger prizes in their sights ."
"dimitar berbatov flicked the ball on to jenas , who charged towards the edge of the area , before side stepping justin hoyte ."
the home side went ahead early in the second half when berbatov flicked the ball onto aaron lennon in the center circle .
"michael david , who had been staying at an ellsworth motel , sold four milligram methadone pills for each last week , police chief john deleo said ."
"he then went to a convenience store and bought lottery tickets and other merchandise and went back to his motel room , where he was busted ."
"i guess it will be up to a judge to decide , but it s in our possession right now as proceeds from a drug transaction , deleo said of the winning ticket ."
an official at the jail said david was not available for comment .
"sen . hillary clinton on tuesday said sen . barack obama had become frustrated by his losses in new hampshire and nevada , and she also accused her opponent of not backing up his words with action ."
"the bitter exchange continued the sharp confrontations from monday night s democratic debate in myrtle beach , south carolina ."
the sniping came four days before saturday s democratic primary in south carolina . this first democratic primary in the south is crucial .
"the events of the last or so days , particularly the outcomes of new hampshire and nevada , have apparently convinced him to adopt a different strategy ."
"he came last night looking for a fight , and he was determined and launched right in , and i thought it was important to set the record straight ."
"responding to clinton s comments during a conference call with reporters tuesday , obama said the senator from new york and former president clinton have been attacking me in ways that are not accurate ."
"sen . clinton announced while we were still in iowa that this was going to be her strategy and called it the fun part of campaigning . i don t think it s the fun part to fudge the truth , he said ."
"it makes them cynical , obama said ."
it s important for our campaign to not only make sure the record is correct when folks are saying things that don t jive with the facts but also that we are sending a message to voters that we re going to bring about a different kind of politics over the long term .
"a recent national poll showed percent of black democrats backing obama , compared with percent for clinton ."
"the support marks a sharp increase from the early days of the campaign and may be a big factor in south carolina , where as many as half the voters in the democratic primary will be african americans ."
"clinton , who scored victories in the new hampshire primary and nevada caucuses , could use a win in the state to paint herself as the clear front runner going into super tuesday ."
"obama , who won the iowa caucuses , would shift momentum to himself after clinton s back to back wins , while edwards needs a victory to shed his image as a perennial third place finisher ."
new york cnn the new york city board of health voted unanimously tuesday to require all city chain restaurants to post calorie data on their menus .
"chain restaurants already must make the calorie counts of their menu items publicly available , but beginning march they will have to put the numbers on menu boards and menus ."
"the expectation is that the information will help combat obesity in new york , a city in which percent of adults are overweight or obese , according to a community health survey ."
"today , the board of health passed a regulation that will help new yorkers make healthier choices about what to eat"
"living longer , healthier lives as a result , dr . thomas r . frieden , city health commissioner , said in the news release ."
"the new york restaurant association sued the board of health in an attempt to block the measure , claiming it would violate its members first amendment rights ."
"chuck hunt , spokesman for the association , said the group is considering options , one of which is the intent to pursue further litigation against the city ."
"karachi , pakistan cnn some of the toughest criticism of pakistan s pro democracy movement comes from an unlikely source"
"the year old niece of benazir bhutto , who says pakistani party politics do nothing but support military rule ."
"at this stage , we are in a state in pakistan where so called democratic forces are only interested in coming into office . so ultimately , they only prop up dictatorships , she told cnn from her home in karachi ."
she raised her voice as she described what she feels is the core of pakistan s political problems
"the lack of a true democratic culture . instead , she said , the country is run by power grabbers ."
"ultimately to them , it s a game of revolving chairs . as long as they get to be in one , they don t care who s in the other one ."
"fatima bhutto said her aunt played this game of revolving chairs at huge costs to the bhutto family , shattering the clan s unity ."
"in , fatima bhutto s father , murtaza bhutto , was gunned down by pakistani security forces in front of the family compound ."
"his widow blames her sister in law for the killing , because murtaza had become a political rival ."
fatima bhutto was estranged from her aunt and had not spoken to her since benazir bhutto returned to the nation for pakistani elections .
benazir bhutto was killed in a bloody december attack .
"her niece says now that benazir bhutto has herself been killed , she does not look back in anger ."
"we also have to take into account that benazir bhutto died bravely and that the attack on her is ultimately an attack on her country , she said ."
she added that she did attend her aunt s funeral .
"london , england cnn britain s economic growth could slow sharply in the near term amid an ongoing credit squeeze and increasing inflation , bank of england governor mervyn king said ."
fears that the british economy could cool significantly have grown amid days of market turmoil sparked by fears that the collapse of the u . s . subprime mortgage market over the summer could be dragging the country into a recession .
"britain has already downgraded its gdp growth forecast to between percent and . percent , well below the . percent growth in and its pre credit crisis estimate for of between . percent to . percent ."
"cnn a coldblooded killer and a coldblooded tycoon led the oscar nominations tuesday , with a lawyer suffering from an ethical crisis also earning a strong showing ."
"no country for old men , the coen brothers film about a brutal killer and laconic sheriff pursuing a man across the scrub of west texas , earned eight nominations for the th academy awards , including nods for best picture , best director and best supporting actor javier bardem ."
"the film tied there will be blood , paul thomas anderson s movie about the rise of an oil tycoon , which received nominations for best picture , best director and best actor daniel day lewis ."
"best picture , best director tony gilroy , best actor george clooney , best supporting actor tom wilkinson and best supporting actress tilda swinton ."
"also winning seven nominations was atonement , the drama about a relationship threatened by a child s lie ."
the film earned nominations for best picture and best supporting actress saoirse ronan .
"the fifth best picture nominee is juno , the story of a pregnant high schooler in search of a couple to adopt her child ."
"the nominations were announced tuesday morning from beverly hills , california ."
"jason reitman received a best director nomination for juno , considered this year s sleeper in the little miss sunshine mode ."
"and two longtime actors who had never been nominated for oscars year old ruby dee and hal holbrook , soon to turn also both received recognition for their supporting performances in american gangster and into the wild , respectively ."
but the biggest question facing the oscars is will anybody show up ?
"the status of the ceremony has been in flux because of the still unsettled writers guild of america strike , which began november ."
"though oscar organizers have said their show will go on regardless of the strike , the screen actors guild said in a statement that it will honor writers picket lines , leaving many celebrities to decide whether they want to attend the ceremony ."
the oscars will take place february from hollywood s kodak theatre . jon stewart is scheduled to host .
the broadcast will air on abc .
"battered by slow revenue growth and the popularity of social networking web sites , yahoo ! inc . is poised to lay off hundreds of workers , according to published reports ."
"the new york times and the wall street journal have both reported on the slumping internet icon s cost cutting plans , citing people familiar with the matter ."
"precisely how many of yahoo s roughly , employees will lose their jobs hasn t been determined , the newspapers said ."
"the payroll purge was first reported over the weekend by silicon alley insider , a blog focused on investments in technology and media ."
"the blog said yahoo had drawn up a list of , to , jobs that could be eliminated , but monday s reports indicated management doesn t expect the cuts to be that deep ."
the problems have slowed yahoo s revenue growth even as spending on online ads accelerates .
"that trend has devastated yahoo s stock , which has plunged by nearly percent since the end of ."
yahoo shares finished last week at . .
"with shareholders clamoring for a shake up , yahoo co founder jerry yang took over as the company s chief executive last june , replacing former movie studio mogul terry semel ."
"since yang became ceo , yahoo s stock price has declined by percent while google shares have surged by more than percent ."
"lucknow , india cnn conservationists and scientists scrambled tuesday to determine what has killed at least critically endangered crocodile like reptiles in recent weeks in a river sanctuary in central india ."
"everything from parasites to pollution has been blamed for the deaths of the gharials massive reptiles that look like their crocodile relatives , but with long slender snouts ."
"the bodies , measuring between five and feet long , have been found washed up on the banks of the chambal river since early december , according to conservationists and officials ."
"the precise number of gharials that have died remains unclear , with the gharial conservation alliance saying bodies have been found since early december , but chief wildlife warden d . n . s suman put the number of dead animals at ."
"conservationists believe there are only about , gharials left in the wild , many of them in a sanctuary based along the chambal , one of the few unpolluted indian rivers ."
the chambal contains the largest of three breeding populations in the world .
"in early december , officials found the bodies of at least gharials over three days ."
the bodies have continued washing ashore in the weeks since .
"the latest clue to what s killing the rare reptiles is an unknown parasite that scientists found in the dead gharials liver and kidneys , according to dr . a . k . sharma of the indian veterinary research institute ."
"others believe the gharials may have died after eating contaminated fish from the polluted yamuna river , which joins the chambal in the state of uttar pradesh ."
"pathological tests confirmed lead and cadmium in the bodies of the dead gharials , said suman , the wildlife official ."
"the gharial , also known as the indian crocodile , was on the verge of extinction in the s , but a government breeding program that has released several hundred into the wild has raised their numbers ."
"actor heath ledger was found dead tuesday of a possible drug overdose in a lower manhattan apartment , the new york police department said ."
"pills were found in the vicinity of the bed , police spokesman paul browne told cnn . this is being looked at as a possible overdose , but that is not confirmed yet ."
"the pills appeared to be over the counter sleeping medication , said police spokeswoman barbara chen ."
"ledger was unresponsive when he was found by a housekeeper who had gone to wake him for an appointment with a masseuse in the soho apartment , browne said ."
"a crowd of onlookers , photographers and reporters gathered outside the apartment building after news of ledger s death was reported ."
"ledger was born in perth , australia , and named heathcliff andrew after the main characters of emily bronte s wuthering heights ."
he began acting at a local theater as a child .
"ledger s first american film was the teen comedy things i hate about you in , and he immediately attracted attention from hollywood ."
"he also played a supporting role in monster s ball , among other films ."
"but ledger was perhaps best known for his portrayal of ennis del mar in brokeback mountain , about two cowboys who had a secret romantic relationship ."
markets opened sharply down on tuesday but fought back from the session lows amid a second day of turmoil on global markets .
"asian markets tuesday suffered a second rough day , european markets were able to take advantage of news about u . s . rate cuts , and the u . s . markets rebounded after initially sliding ."
the u . s . central bank cut two key interests rate by three quarters of a percentage point in a bid to stave off heavy losses on u . s . stocks .
it also lowered its discount rate the rate at which banks can borrow directly from the fed from . to percent .
"u . s . stocks have tumbled in so far on growing fears that the credit and housing market crises will send the economy into recession , if it s not already there ."
the emergency measure was the federal reserve s biggest interest rate cut in since .
"at the close , the dow jones industrial average was down about one percent ."
the broader s p index surrendered . percent and the nasdaq lost two percent .
"today i have withdrawn my candidacy for president of the united states , thompson said in a statement ."
i hope that my country and my party have benefited from our having made this effort . jeri and i will always be grateful for the encouragement and friendship of so many wonderful people .
"thompson entered the race in september , long after his republican rivals had announced their candidacies and began raising money ."
thompson was elected to the u . s . senate in and represented tennessee for eight years .
"short of cash and sinking in national polls , thompson had staked his hopes on south carolina , where a strong showing could have reinvigorated his flagging campaign ."
"he s really been good lately , but it s too late , cnn analyst bill bennett said of thompson after south carolina returns started to come in . if you re a southern conservative and you can t make it in south carolina , it s over ."
"paris , france cnn president pervez musharraf of pakistan played down the impact of recent attacks in a region that borders afghanistan , saying tuesday they were pinpricks that his government must manage ."
"musharraf , in paris as part of an eight day trip through europe aimed to rebuild western support for his embattled government , rejected claims that the violence was a sign of a resurgent taliban in the south waziristan region ."
"his comments came as islamic militants attacked a fort in the troubled region tuesday , sparking fighting with government forces that left five troops and fighters dead , the army said ."
"there is no taliban offensive being launched , he said at a conference at the french institute of international relations think tank , referring to the extremist islamic militia that once ran afghanistan ."
these are pinpricks that they keep doing and we have to manage all of that .
"tuesday s attack , the second this month , occurred in the lawless tribal region where al qaeda and taliban linked militants operate ."
"the militants targeted the lahda fort , which houses paramilitary troops , and a nearby observation post in a pre dawn raid in south waziristan , the military said in a statement ."
"musharraf , a top u . s . ally in its war on terrorism , was in paris to meet with french president nicolas sarkozy on the second leg of his tour ."
it was business as usual for roger federer as he put his third round scare at the australian open behind him to ease past th seed tomas berdych in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals .
"djokovic , who has yet to drop a set in the tournament , saw off hewitt on rod laver arena ."
ferrer beat compatriot juan carlos ferrero .
"he made a couple of unforced errors and he was very tired and exhausted from the baghdatis match a few nights ago , so i used my opportunity ."
"awaiting federer in the quarterfinals is american james blake , the th seed easing past marin cilic of croatia ."
"cnn less than a month before key elections in pakistan , embattled president pervez musharraf on monday began an eight day visit to europe to shore up international support for his country , wracked by political turmoil and a strengthening islamic insurgency ."
"pakistan understands the significance of the european union , the significance of its role in the future , especially in the political disputes around the world , he told reporters ."
musharraf also praised solana for being extremely well informed about the complicated situation in pakistan .
"the pakistani leader heads to france and then to switzerland for the annual world economic forum in davos , which starts wednesday and wraps up friday . he plans to end his european trip in the united kingdom ."
pakistanis head to the polls on february to choose a new parliament in a vote that is widely expected to deliver a blow to musharraf s ruling pakistan muslim league party .
"he placed the country under a six week state of emergency late last year , during which he ousted most of the supreme court justices who had been expected to nullify his election victory on constitutional grounds ."
"musharraf says the emergency measure and other suspensions of democracy have been necessary to restore security in pakistan , where clashes between government forces and taliban and al qaeda militants have intensified in recent weeks ."
"speaking earlier monday , musharraf urged the west to be patient with his nation as it tries to establish a democracy ."
"since hosting the super bowl , phoenix and its suburbs have been preening and preparing for the return of the nfl s biggest game ."
"the last crucial piece finally fell into place in when the state of the art university of phoenix stadium opened in glendale , west of phoenix ."
"bob sullivan , president of the arizona super bowl host committee , knows the pressure is on to not only put on the world s largest neighborhood party , but entice the nfl to come back a lot sooner than years ."
tourists comprise the other audience arizona wants to win over .
"for the last year , the committee has been pushing a come early , stay late campaign ."
"the , visitors expected to travel here pumping an anticipated million into the local economy are being urged to stretch their trip to take in some sights ."
"go up to sedona , go to tucson . . . experience more of what the state has to offer than its ability to put on a super bowl , sullivan said ."
the dry weather and plus manicured golf courses create a real oasis in this desert valley .
"visitors of all ages , however , can find a strong pulse in the beating night clubs of scottsdale or arizona state university hangouts in tempe ."
"travelers can have their pick of chic , artsy enclaves and four star restaurants , and cactus dotted landscapes rich with the history of the old west and american indian culture ."
"cnn a judge in malaysia sentenced an indonesian man to five years in prison for burying his day old baby alive in a jungle , a local newspaper reported tuesday ."
"ramlee basa ruddin took the infant from his year old girlfriend about hours after she gave birth , and buried the girl alive in a shallow hole behind their house , the new straits times said ."
"basa ruddin , , pleaded guilty to unintentional homicide in the january incident in the southern johor state ."
magistrate judge nor syahid malik was quoted in the newspaper as saying he could not imagine the level of cruelty in the man s crime .
"to bury your own child when it is the duty of a father to protect and nurture his offspring , the judge said . your crime deserves a punishment befitting its ghastliness and to serve as a lesson to society ."
the judge also sentenced ramlee to an additional year in prison and to four strokes of the cane because the indonesian man was in the country illegally .
cnn the saudi lawyer who represented a woman kidnapped and raped by seven men said his license to practice has been reinstated .
lawyer and human rights activist abdul rahman al lahem told cnn s nic robertson that the justice ministry has reinstated his license .
"al lahem had previously told cnn that the saudi judge revoked his license as punishment for speaking to the media about his client s case , which attracted international attention ."
"his client , an engaged teenager , was raped by seven men who found her alone with a man unrelated to her ."
she has said she was meeting with the man to retrieve a photograph . the attack took place in qatif in march .
the seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison but she also was sentenced to lashes and six months in prison for having violated the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man .
the woman s sentence provoked outrage in the west and cast light on the treatment of women under saudi arabian law .
"under saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man s permission to travel or have surgery ."
"last month , minister of justice abdallah bin mohammed al sheikh , in a phone call to a saudi television newscast , said the lawyer s license had never been revoked ."
"such decisions are made through institutions in the kingdom , he said . the punishment of the lawyer or any lawyer does not come from a reaction ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan foreign minister moses wetang ula said hopes were high that former u . n . secretary general kofi annan can start a dialogue to help resolve kenya s political crisis ."
but wetang ula pointed out that only kenya s courts can decide if president mwai kibaki s government is legitimate .
"annan , who is expected to arrive in nairobi tuesday , follows a visit by european union development commissioner louis michel , who met with kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga over the weekend ."
"the international community has pressured kenyan leaders to resolve the election crisis as soon as possible , and stop violence that has killed at least people ."
wetang ula said annan would serve as a facilitator to dialogue and not as a mediator .
he said they would not negotiate the validity or otherwise of president kibaki being in office .
"the dialogue is going to see how , as kenyans , we can resolve the problems that have arisen from an electoral dispute , wetang ula said in an interview with cnn monday ."
"u . s . ambassador to kenya michael ranneberger said washington wants a recommitment by president kibaki and raila odinga to meet one on one under the aegis of kofi annan , as soon as possible ."
the eu s michel met with kibaki and odinga on saturday .
"an eu spokeswoman said michel was not trying to broker a deal , but was in kenya to collect first hand information ."
"we had a very nice discussion about the political situation in the country , the crisis that we are having , odinga said after the meeting . we told him our point of view ."
"michel , meanwhile , said that the lack of stability in the nation is good news for the extremists and anti democratic forces ."
but he also knows that substantial problems have to be resolved .
four decades after martin luther king jr . s death and just weeks after barack obama s win in the iowa caucus a cnn poll finds more americans than ever before believe the country is ready for a black president .
seventy two percent of white americans and percent of black americans surveyed in a new cnn opinion research corp . poll released monday say the nation is ready for a black commander in chief .
"that number is higher than it was two years ago , when percent of whites and percent of blacks felt the same way ."
"it s also higher than the proportion of either men or women percent and percent , respectively who currently believe the nation is ready for a woman in the white house ."
"the top six concerns for both whites and blacks in making their presidential choice this year are exactly the same in the following order the economy , iraq , terrorism , health care , gas prices and iran though blacks place a higher level of importance on all those issues ."
"roughly four in individuals in both groups say that the country has fulfilled all , or at least a great deal , of king s dream ."
"however , they have different views on whether king s dream will ever be fully realized in the united states ."
"when asked whether race relations will always pose a problem in the united states , about half of black americans , percent , said yes and just percent of whites shared that view ."
"when posed the same question in , percent of blacks and percent of whites thought race relations would always be a problem for the united states ."
"the survey , which includes interviews with , adult americans , including whites and blacks , was conducted by telephone january and has a sampling error of plus or minus . percentage points ."
"thailand s parliament reopened monday , marking the end of months of military rule and the return of democracy ."
newly elected lawmakers in immaculate white ceremonial uniforms attended the opening in the sumptuous surroundings of the thai parliament building in bangkok .
"the return of parliamentary rule follows elections in december in which the people power party ppp , the party of deposed thai leader thaksin shinawatra , won nearly half the seats in the lower house ."
billionaire businessman thaksin was ousted in a military coup after allegations of widespread corruption in his government .
he remains in exile in britain .
in his absence current ppp leader samak sundaravej will probably be announced as the next prime minister at the head of a ruling coalition .
the selection of new prime minister is schedule to take place friday .
"it remains to be seen what role , if any , thaksin will play in a future government ."
samak has already said that if he became prime minister he would amend the constitution to allow the deposed leader to return to thai politics .
"analysts are uncertain , however , how much influence thaksin who won three elections and is still immensely popular in his homeland could exert from abroad ."
"he has a lot of influence right now because he s behind the scenes . he s probably providing cash flow but once they have power in their hands they will be more independent of him , chris baker , an author on thai politics , told cnn ."
"ellsworth , maine cnn his lottery ticket was a , winner , but police have seized it saying it was bought with proceeds from an illegal drug sale ."
"michael david , who had been staying at an ellsworth motel , sold four milligram methadone pills for each last week , police chief john deleo said ."
"he then went to a convenience store and bought lottery tickets and other merchandise and went back to his motel room , where he was busted ."
"i guess it will be up to a judge to decide , but it s in our possession right now as proceeds from a drug transaction , deleo said of the winning ticket ."
an official at the jail said david was not available for comment .
"a bus carrying pilgrims to hindu shrines in southwestern india careened over the side of a steep hill sunday night , killing and injuring more than others , police said ."
"five children were among the dead , said nikhil gupta , the police superintendent in nashik , about km miles east of mumbai ."
"he said the crash happened about p . m . p . m . gmt on a poorly lit rural road outside nashik , which is home to about a dozen hindu temples ."
"the bus was only made to seat people but was carrying about passengers when it crashed , gupta told ap ."
the pilgrims were on their way back to mumbai after visiting three temple sites when the accident occurred .
"atlanta , georgia cnn new research out monday may have expecting moms rethinking their drinking habits ."
"a new study has found that pregnant women who consumed more than milligrams of caffeine a day , equivalent to about two cups of coffee , had twice the risk of miscarriage as the women who consumed no caffeine at all ."
the findings are published in monday s journal of obstetrics and gynecology .
"previous studies have found similar results , but dr . de kun li , lead author and investigator with the kaiser permanente division of research , is quick to point out the significance of his findings ."
we were able to address the issue of if the increase is really due to caffeine or due to women changing their drinking patterns . other studies have reported the same results but had some biases in the research .
"in comparison , . percent of women who consumed more than mg of caffeine a day miscarried ."
"although there was an increased risk for women who consumed fewer than mg of caffeine a day , the lead investigator says the increase is not statistically significant ."
"researchers say it made no difference whether the caffeine came from coffee , soda , tea or hot chocolate ."
"caffeine is dangerous during pregnancy , li said , because it can cross through the placenta to the fetus and can be difficult for the fetus to metabolize the caffeine ."
"caffeine may influence cell development and decrease blood flow to the placenta , he added ."
if arteries are constricted it may restrict blood flow which can result in miscarriage .
israel agreed monday to relax a blockade of gaza after fuel shortages left residents struggling with severe power cuts amid concerns from aid agencies of a humanitarian crisis .
it closed all border crossings between israel and the palestinian territory on friday after days of rocket attacks on southern israel .
"the block on the entrance of fuel , food , and medicine has led to long lines at bakeries , left hospitals without heat and gas stations closed ."
the israeli government said any palestinians who need medical treatment would be allowed to cross . much of gaza was in the dark sunday night and monday .
use of generators was limited for fear the fuel used to operate them would run out .
"at shiffa hospital in gaza city , patients lay next to blank monitors and other equipment that was turned off ."
"cnn s ben wedeman said from gaza one hospital had lights only in the intensive care unit , and that doctors on the wards were using candles and flashlights ."
"john ging , head of the united nations relief and work agency in gaza , told cnn by phone from gaza that hospitals had switched off their heating systems to preserve power . ging said residents were living day to day ."
"stock markets around the world plummeted monday , prompted by pessimism about u . s . president george w . bush s plans to boost the u . s . economy ."
"from paris to mumbai to tokyo , it was one of the worst days for stocks since the terror attacks of september , as share prices in asia , europe and the americas all plunged by significant amounts"
"if the united states slips into recession , americans may buy fewer goods , especially those from overseas ."
that s why shares from toyota in tokyo to bmw in frankfurt were down heavily .
"markets in europe reacted with london s ftse index down . percent at , ."
"the cac in paris down . percent to , . and frankfurt s dax dropping . percent to , . ."
"in japan , the benchmark nikkei index closed on , . points , a slide of . percent and its biggest dip in two years ."
shanghai s composite index fell . percent .
"hong kong s hang seng index suffered its largest percentage drop since the terrorist attacks of september , when it fell . percent to , . points ."
"in north america , the toronto stock exchange fell . percent , while mexico city closed down . percent ."
on friday u . s . president george w . bush announced an economic stimulus plan involving a billion tax relief package .
cnn the state funeral for explorer sir edmund hillary who conquered mount everest is taking place in new zealand .
guests filled auckland s holy trinity anglican cathedral and an overflow area next door for a service .
"among the guests were politicians , mountaineers and friends ."
lady hillary sat with family and prime minister helen clark .
in the congregation were members of nepal s sherpa community and buddhist monks .
"in front of them , hillary s coffin was draped in a new zealand flag and covered in wreaths ."
"as the service began , sherpas laid tibetan prayer scarves on the coffin ."
"in nepal , school were due to ring bells as the service started ."
"hillary s son , peter , told the congregation adventure was compulsory growing up in the hillary household . he took us to the most extraordinary places ."
"his daughter , sarah spoke of a childhood where sir edmund was planning expeditions , and coming home to a family eager to see him again ."
"when asked at primary school what my father did , i was unable to find an answer ."
we mourn as a nation because we know we are saying goodbye to a friend .
"four soldiers , rifles at rest , stood guard as ordinary new zealanders said goodbye to a national hero , whose achievements are known around the world ."
"hillary , who was , died at auckland city hospital on january ."
"on may , , hillary and tenzing norgay , a sherpa guide , became the first men to climb the , feet to the top of everest and safely return ."
he was also a strong supporter of environmental causes and worked to improve the lives of nepal s sherpas .
"cnn malaysia expects to send home at least , foreign workers by next year to open up more jobs for its citizens , a local newspaper reported sunday ."
"about . million foreign workers are employed in the southeast asian country , home affairs ministry secretary general raja azahar raja abdul manap told the daily newspaper , star ."
"the government plans to cut down the number to . million by and trim another , by , the official told the paper ."
"the country will apply stricter standards to achieve its goals , he said ."
it won t renew the work permits of unskilled workers after five years . skilled workers will have up to years .
the goal is to reduce foreign labor in a country that s heavily dependent on it .
foreign workers make up percent of the million strong labor force in malaysia . unemployment in the country is about . percent .
"the majority of the workers come from indonesia , with nepal and bangladesh a distant second and third , according to a economic report prepared by malaysia s finance ministry ."
"most foreign workers are employed in the manufacturing , petroleum and construction sectors and as household help , the report said ."
"venus williams reached the australian open quarterfinals for the first time in five years , beating poland s marta domachowska , on monday at melbourne park ."
the wimbledon champion will face fourth ranked ana ivanovic in the quarterfinals .
"williams , in her first tournament since withdrawing from the season ending champion at madrid in november due to illness , lost the australian final to sister serena and hadn t gone beyond the fourth round in the season opening major since ."
"venus williams has six grand slam singles titles , but her run to the final remains her best performance in australia ."
"serena williams , the defending"
"serena will play no . jelana jankovic , and henin will face sharapova ."
"cairo , egypt cnn omar bin laden has a message for his father , osama find another way ."
"the son of the most wanted man in the world spoke sunday to cnn in a quiet , middle class suburb about an hour outside cairo , egypt ."
"omar , who works as a contractor , said he is talking publicly because he wants an end to the violence his father has inspired violence that has killed innocent civilians in a spate of attacks around the world , including those of september , ."
"this bomb , this weapons , it s not good to use it for anybody , omar said in english learned in recent months from his british wife ."
"he said he hasn t spoken to his father since , when he walked away from an al qaeda training camp in afghanistan with his father s blessings ."
"he said he has no idea where his father is , but is confident he will never be caught because locals support him ."
"now , omar and his wife are preparing to launch a movement far different from the one his father osama launched ."
they are pursuing a movement for peace .
"at first glance , omar appears to have little in common with the man who has eluded international efforts to find him ."
"the year old s hair is bound in neat braids , he drives a jeep and is married to a british national twice his age ."
"but the physical resemblance quickly sinks in , even without the long beard his father favors ."
it is a resemblance omar doesn t avoid .
"being osama s son , i don t hide it . i don t hide my name , he said ."
omar said he left al qaeda because he did not want to be associated with killing civilians .
omar said his father did not try to dissuade him from leaving al qaeda .
"sitting by his side throughout the hour and a half interview was omar s wife , zaina ."
"the two are organizing a multi month horse race through north africa in the name of peace , set to kick off this year ."
but getting sponsors to line up behind the name bin laden has been difficult .
"it would probably have been easier to do a race without having omar s name , but then the race would just be a race , it wouldn t be a race for peace , zaina said ."
omar said his relationship with his father was limited .
"he is the fourth of children born to osama s first wife , and he is one of children osama has fathered ."
"most of the time he busy , so busy , all the day he s busy with his friends . he was working a lot ."
"madrid , spain cnn the search is back on for words to the spanish national anthem ."
the lack of lyrics in spain s anthem has long created awkward moments for winning spanish athletes at the olympics .
they stand on the podium silently or hum along while winning athletes from other nations sing when their anthem is played during their moment of triumph .
"with the summer olympic games fast approaching , the spanish olympic committee stirred the lyric writing impulses of spaniards by sponsoring a competition to provide words for the anthem ."
the committee announced plans for renowned spanish tenor placido domingo to sing the lyrics on monday .
"then , suddenly , the committee discarded the winning lyrics ."
"once spaniards heard these lyrics , they sparked a lot of controversy , even rejection , alejandro blanco , president of the spanish olympic committee , told a packed news conference this week ."
"the now discarded winning lyrics had begun with , viva espana , or long live spain , and critics complained that phrase harkened back to the right wing dictatorship of general francisco franco , who led a military uprising in against the elected government and won a civil war , ruling spain until his death in ."
"spain is made up of many different peoples , and five languages are spoken across the country ."
the catalans in the northeast and the basques in the north already have their own national songs with lyrics .
getting agreement on any lyrics to the national anthem is no easy task and would ultimately have to be approved by parliament .
"the president of the spanish olympic committee conceded he doesn t know when there will be lyrics for the anthem , and many here say there isn t enough time to get lyrics approved before the aug . start of the summer olympic games in beijing . yet the search goes on ."
"we will continue with the idea of an anthem with lyrics , blanco said ."
"the creature feature cloverfield became the first monster hit released in , debuting with million , a record opening for january , according to studio estimates sunday ."
"paramount s tale of a giant reptile causing chaos in new york city surpassed the . million premiere weekend of the star wars special edition in , the previous best for january ."
"opening in second place was th century fox s romantic comedy dresses , starring katherine heigl as a perpetual bridesmaid ."
it pulled in . million .
"the weekend s other new wide release , overture films crime comedy mad money , with diane keaton , queen latifah and katie holmes plotting a federal reserve bank heist , opened at no . with . million ."
"overall business surged , with the top movies taking in . million , up percent from the same weekend last year ."
"the film benefited from cryptic marketing that sent young moviegoers on a scavenger hunt to decode clues about the movie s plot , images and even its title ,"
"then fortunately , they delivered a movie that was as unique and engaging as people had hoped from the marketing campaign ."
japanese stocks plunged monday morning after wall street declined at the end of last week amid pessimism over the u . s . government s plans to forestall recession .
"the benchmark nikkei index lost . points , or . percent , to , . points by the end of the morning session on the tokyo stock exchange ."
"it rallied at the end of last week , gaining . percent over two days ."
"we re back to were we were last week before the rally , said kazuhiro takahashi , general manager at daiwa securities ."
wall street investors as well drew little comfort from bush s plan for about us billion worth of tax relief to encourage consumer spending .
"the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . on friday . tokyo shares fell broadly , led by metals , real estate and insurance shares ."
on friday major asian markets recovered from early plunges on the hopes that washington will soon propose measures to keep the u . s . economy from sliding into a recession .
"jakarta , indonesia cnn former indonesian dictator suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper sunday in what doctors called a miraculous recovery from a potentially fatal blood infection after more than two weeks on life support ."
"suharto , , was hospitalized january with severe kidney , lung and heart trouble ."
"his condition deteriorated rapidly a week ago when he developed pneumonia and sepsis , a blood infection particularly dangerous for the elderly ."
"preparations had begun for a state funeral , the family mausoleum was put in order and passes were handed out to the media for a memorial service after his heart briefly stopped ."
"we believe he has a strong will to live , maybe because he trained as a soldier and was a real fighter ."
"although suharto remains in intensive care , he whispered sunday in response to questions and lifted his hands to scratch ."
"doctors say his heart and lungs are stable , and is ready to begin basic physiotherapy and speech training ."
"dr . hadiarto mangunegoro , a physician treating suharto , called his recovery miraculous because he has survived sepsis , which is life threatening ."
doctors treated the blood infection with antibiotics .
"beijing will use the strictest standards to control emissions and curb pollution for the summer olympics but it will be an uphill task , the host city s mayor was quoted as saying sunday ."
"guo jinlong vowed to finish preparations for the august games and provide services in high level and high caliber ways , the official xinhua news agency cited him as saying ."
"so far , beijing has begun shutting down blast furnaces in the city s biggest steel company to improve air quality ."
it is expected to enact temporary traffic restrictions to ease bumper to bumper traffic and help reduce vehicle exhaust that creates the gray haze that often blankets the capital .
saturday s results in nevada and south carolina did little to establish a clear front runner in either party s race for presidential nominee . new york sen . hillary clinton won nevada but captured fewer delegates in what is shaping up as two person race .
"she has what little momentum there is on the democratic side , having won in new hampshire and nevada after illinois sen . barack obama won in iowa ."
almost half of voters in the democratic primary there were african american .
"it s a dead even race , and it goes on to south carolina , david axelrod , obama s political strategist , said sunday on cbs face the nation ."
"they can try to spin a point loss into whatever they want , clinton campaign spokesman howard wolfson said on the same program . but the fact is , sen . clinton won a resounding victory ."
"we focused relentlessly on the issues that the people care about , most certainly the economy ."
"south carolina also is shaping up to be the last stand for former sen . john edwards . he won the state s primary in but is coming off a disappointing finish saturday in nevada , where he got only percent of the vote . i got my butt kicked ."
"florida will be the final democratic contest before super tuesday , february , when voters will pick their favorites in diverse states ."
"among republicans , arizona sen . john mccain appears to have a slight edge coming off his win in south carolina ."
"but only three in voters there who said they voted for mccain characterized themselves as republicans , raising questions about whether he can capture the party s conservative base ."
"while former massachusetts gov . mitt romney won big in nevada , the race there was largely uncontested . romney finished fourth in south carolina after passing up campaigning there to concentrate on nevada ."
"if you can win those two states michigan and nevada it means you have put together quite a coalition and have been able to make the kind of inroads you have to make to take the white house , romney said saturday afternoon from florida ."
"diplomatic efforts to solve the violent fallout from kenya s disputed elections continued over the weekend with a visit from the european union s development commissioner louis michel , who met with president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga ."
"we had a very nice discussion about the political situation in the country , the crisis that we are having , odinga said after the saturday meeting . we told him our point of view ."
"michel , meanwhile , said that the lack of stability in the nation is good news for the extremists and anti democratic forces ."
"president kibaki , of course , recognizes that there is a serious problem in his country , michel said . he is very concerned about that . there is a need for dialogue , cooling down and trying to get peaceful solutions ."
"kenyan media reported that marauding youths armed with spears , bows and arrows and machetes were destroying homes around the town of eldoret , near the border with uganda ."
"the kenyan sunday nation newspaper quoted the local district commissioner abdi halake , who said that six people were killed and houses were burned to the ground in the weekend violence ."
"the rift valley town of eldoret has been the scene of much of the post election violence , which has resulted in at least deaths and driven thousands from their homes ."
michel s trip came ahead of the arrival of an african union delegation led by kofi annan expected tuesday .
the former u . n . secretary general will try to mediate between the warring political factions .
his visit was delayed after he was struck down with flu .
"ultra nationalist challenger tomislav nikolic led pro western incumbent boris tadic in serbia s presidential election sunday , according to exit polls , but a runoff appeared certain in a race dominated by kosovo s push for independence ."
exit polling by serbia s center for free elections in democracy cesid indicated nikolic an ally of the late yugoslav strongman slobodan milosevic leading the field of nine with about percent of the vote .
the biggest issue in the race has been the possible secession of the majority albanian province of kosovo .
"the territory has been under u . n . administration since the end of the nato bombing campaign that halted milosevic s campaign of ethnic cleansing against the albanians , who make up about percent of kosovo s million people ."
the outcome of the election could determine whether serbia forges closer ties with the west or drifts further toward russia .
"but tadic is a western leaning leader who has pushed for serbia to join the european union , while nikolic supports closer ties with a resurgent russia , the serbs historical ally ."
"edward joseph , an analyst at the johns hopkins university school of advanced international studies in washington , said the election has serbia balanced on a knife s edge ."
"there is a clear choice there , and nikolic s election would indeed be a setback for serbia and increase its isolation , joseph told cnn ."
"the estimated turnout of percent shows the intensity of the division in serbia and the intensity of the concern about this election , he said ."
"interior secretary kamal shah confirmed the arrest of two people in the town of dera ismail khan in north west frontier province , and said one a teenage boy had confessed involvement in the december attack that killed bhutto ."
"in north west frontier province , a senior intelligence official said the year old suspect in the bhutto assassination told investigators that a five person squad was dispatched to rawalpindi , where bhutto was killed , by baitullah mehsud , a militant leader with strong ties to al qaeda and an alliance with the taliban in nearby afghanistan ."
"in dera ismail khan , a town miles southwest of islamabad where the teenager was arrested , a district police commander said the suspect had made"
cnn the family of missing british child madeleine mccann released two sketches sunday of a man who may be linked to her disappearance last may from a holiday resort in portugal .
the first sketch of a moustached white man with olive colored skin and collar length dark scraggly hair was composed based on the recollection of a year old woman who was staying in a villa near the mccann family last year .
the second sketch shows the same man walking with his hand tucked into the pockets of his light colored pants .
he is wearing a green shirt and a brown jacket .
"we want to know who he is and we want to know where he is , said family spokesman clarence mitchell , speaking to reporters ."
he urged the man to come forward so that police can rule him out as a suspect if they determine that he is not involved in madeleine s disappearance .
"gail cooper , on whose description the sketch was drawn , said she first saw the man on april a few days before madeleine s disappearance ."
"he was walking by himself in a heavy downpour on an otherwise deserted beach , she said ."
"the man drew attention to himself by looking odd and out of place , mitchell said ."
"that afternoon , when cooper s husband went shopping , the man paid her a visit , mitchell said ."
"she described him as sallow skinned and scruffy , and said that he claimed to be collecting money for an orphanage in a nearby village ."
"when cooper returned to britain and heard about madeleine s disappearance , she told british police about the man , and her account was given to police in portugal , mitchell told cnn ."
"the mccanns were not aware of the evidence provided by cooper until recently , mitchell said ."
several british newspapers came across the information and gave it to the family .
"gaza city , gaza strip cnn gaza city was plunged into darkness sunday after israel blocked the shipment of fuel that powers its only electrical plant in retaliation for persistent rocket attacks by gaza militants ."
"the power cut forced already beleaguered gazans to stock up on food and batteries in anticipation of dark , cold days ahead ."
gaza officials warned the move would cause a health catastrophe while a u . n . agency and human rights groups condemned israel .
"we have the choice to either cut electricity on babies in the maternity ward or heart surgery patients or stop operating rooms , gaza health ministry official dr . moaiya hassanain said ."
israel justified the cutoff because of continuous rocket attacks by gaza militants .
"israeli foreign ministry spokesman arye meckel said the gaza strip continues to receive percent of its electricity supply directly from israel , which would not be affected , and another percent from egypt ."
"officials from the ruling islamic militant group hamas shut down the plant just before p . m . and gaza city went dark , gaza energy authority head kanan obeid said . tv crews and reporters were invited to witness the shutdown ."
"minutes later , residents started a candlelight march as a protest ."
live associated press tv pictures showed dots of light moving slowly up a darkened main street .
"that changed thursday when defense minister ehud barak ordered all crossings into gaza closed because of a spike in rocket barrages , cutting off fuel supplies ."
"several weeks ago , israel reduced the fuel supply as a pressure tactic ."
a defiant hamas said its attacks on israel would not cease because of the sanctions .
"the u . n . organization in charge of palestinian refugees warned the blockade would drastically affect hospitals , sewage treatment and water facilities ."
"israeli cabinet minister zeev boim said that rather than condemning israel , the u . n . should condemn palestinian militants for firing rocket barrages at israel ."
"the report describes the boeing hitting problems feet off the ground and descending rapidly , just making it onto heathrow land ."
"at approximately ft and two miles from touch down , the autothrottle demanded an increase in thrust from the two engines but the engines did not respond ."
"following further demands for increased thrust from the autothrottle , and subsequently the flight crew moving the throttle levers , the engines similarly failed to respond ."
the aaib says that it will carry out further analysis of the flight data recorders and that examination of the aircraft systems and engines is ongoing .
"as the boeing approached heathrow s south runway , it appears to have lost power , forcing the emergency landing ."
"captain peter burkill made a public statement friday praising his crew , especially coward , who did a most remarkable job ."
"flying is about teamwork , and we had an outstanding team on board yesterday , burkill said ."
"i want to thank the passengers , too , for their calmness and good sense in extremely unfamiliar circumstances ."
"the cia believes extremists associated with a pakistani tribal leader are responsible for the assassination of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , according to a u . s . intelligence official ."
"the official , who spoke under condition of anonymity , said the agency concluded that baitullah mehsud the leader of the pakistani taliban who has ties to al qaeda was behind the attack ."
the u . s . intelligence community was first cautious about drawing the same conclusion as the pakistanis .
"but after reviewing various other intelligence , the cia agreed mehsud played a role in bhutto s killing , the u . s . official said ."
the cia viewpoint was first made known in a washington post interview with cia director gen . michael hayden published friday .
mehsud operates out of the tribal areas of northwestern pakistan .
"pakistani officials have blamed mehsud s forces for a number of attacks directed against the government , including one this week in which islamic militants overran a military outpost in south waziristan ."
u . s . officials and terrorism experts are increasingly worried about the stability of pakistan .
secretary general ban ki moon on friday designated actor and activist george clooney a u . n . messenger of peace .
"the actor , who has been campaigning for an end to the year war in darfur and humanitarian aid for the millions caught up in the conflict , will become the ninth u . n . peace envoy ."
"clooney joins fellow actor michael douglas , nobel peace prize winner elie wiesel , primate expert jane goodall , cellist yo yo ma , israeli conductor daniel barenboim , brazilian author paulo coelho , japanese american violinist midori goto , and olympic equestrian competitor princess haya of jordan ."
world number one roger federer stepped up his bid for an australian open title hat trick on thursday when he swept aside french veteran fabrice santoro to reach the third round .
"i always enjoy the match against fabrice , said federer who won and is chasing his th major title ."
"first time i played him , he totally dismantled me . showed i had a lot of things to work on ."
"long a crowd favorite , using guile to make up for lack of power and with slices and dices , santoro was sharp , too , committing only four unforced errors as he broke andre agassi s record of grand slam tournaments ."
"federer won the last games , ended it with a serve and volley as santoro edged in almost to the service box , then clambered over the net to embrace the frenchman ."
"north korea is unlikely to give up its nuclear weapons before president bush leaves office , a u . s . official said thursday ."
"north korea is not serious about disarming in a timely manner , jay lefkowitz , the president s envoy on north korean human rights , told an audience at the conservative american enterprise institute ."
it is increasingly likely that north korea will have the same nuclear status one year from now that it has today .
"lefkowitz s comments are at odds with bush administration statements , which tout a recent agreement by north korea at the six party talks to abandon its nuclear program in exchange for aid and better relations with the united states as one of its few foreign policy successes ."
he criticized china and south korea u . s . partners in the talks along with russia and north korea for not doing enough to push pyongyang to abandon its nuclear program because of their own bilateral relationships with the north .
"the united states assumed that both countries shared our strong desire that north korea not be permitted to possess a nuclear program and arsenal , lefkowitz said ."
"in response to lefkowitz s comments , white house press secretary dana perino said in a statement ."
"under agreements reached in the six party process , north korea has committed to declare all its nuclear programs and to disable the three key nuclear facilities at yongbyon as an initial step toward eventually abandoning all its nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs ."
"while it s unfortunate that north korea has not yet provided a complete and correct declaration , we continue to work with japan , south korea , china and russia in urging north korea to fulfill its commitments in this regard ."
we believe the six party framework gives the region and the world the best opportunity to realize the goal of a denuclearized korean peninsula .
"merrill lynch , the world s largest brokerage , on thursday posted a fourth quarter loss of nearly billion after writing down some . billion worth of investments and trades slammed by the ongoing credit crisis ."
"the company posted a net loss after preferred dividends of . billion , or . per share , compared to a profit of . billion , or . per share , a year earlier ."
"merrill lynch had negative revenue of . billion , down from revenue of . billion a year earlier ."
"the results missed wall street s projections for a loss of . per share on revenue of . million , according to thomson financial ."
"however , analysts have not been able to make accurate projections since the summer , when investment banks began taking on large losses due to the collapse of the subprime mortgage market ."
"antananarivo , madagascar cnn a self destructing palm tree that flowers once every years and then dies has been discovered on the indian ocean island of madagascar , botanists said thursday ."
the name of the giant palm and its remarkable life cycle will be detailed in a study by kew gardens scientists in the botanical journal of the linnean society published thursday .
"it does not flower for maybe years and when it s like this it can be mistaken for other types of palm , said mijoro rakotoarinivo , who works for the london botanical gardens in madagascar ."
"but then a large shoot , a bit like an asparagus , grows out of the top of the tree and starts to spread . you get something that looks a bit like a christmas tree growing out of the top of the palm , he said ."
"the branches of this shoot then become covered in hundreds of tiny white flowers that ooze with nectar , attracting insects and birds ."
"but the effort of flowering and fruiting depletes the tree so much that within a few months it collapses and dies , said botanist dr . john dransfield , author of the study ."
"the world s fourth largest island , madagascar is renowned for its unusual flora and fauna , including , species of plant found nowhere else in the world ."
"the palm tree , which grows to feet in height and has about foot leaves , is only found in an extremely remote region in the northwest of the country , some four days by road from the capital ."
local villagers have known about it for years although none had seen it in flower until last year .
cnn tom cruise expounds on his beliefs in scientology in a video that made its way onto the internet this week .
"i think it s a privilege to call yourself a scientologist , and it s something you have to earn , cruise says at the beginning of the video ."
the video was shown at a scientology ceremony honoring cruise for his humanitarian work .
"the video has since been taken off youtube , but an interview portion remained available on the celebrity web site gawker . com on thursday ."
the cruise indoctrination video scientology tried to suppress is the title of gawker . com s presentation .
"you have to watch this video , the site says ."
"it shows tom cruise , with all the wide eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , which it calls the bizarre th century religion ."
"cruise talks over a repetitive guitar riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard ."
"a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology s freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause ."
"in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l . ron hubbard , cited on the church s web site as the founder of the only major religion founded in the th century ."
"in the video , cruise puts emphasis on the latter role ."
"a scientologist has the ability to create new realities and improve conditions , cruise says ."
the web site defines scientology as the study of truth .
cruise embraces that in the video .
"washington cnn a house committee chairman on thursday denounced the bush administration s planned sale of oil drilling rights in a prime polar bear habitat in alaska , saying its impact on the bear population is unknown ."
"ed markey , chairman of the house select committee on energy independence and global warming , spoke out against the white house s planned sale , set for february ."
he said the drilling should not go forward until the impact of climate change and invasive industrial activity on the animals is known .
markey s committee heard testimony about how global warming and drilling activity would affect the polar bear population on wednesday .
"we shouldn t be selling the drilling rights in this important polar bear habitat before deciding how we are going to protect them , markey said as the hearing opened ."
this must not be the case for the polar bear .
"in the most thorough study to date , an interior department scientist . . . determined that under current trends , disappearing sea ice would result in a two thirds drop in the world population of polar bears , resulting in the disappearance of polar bears from alaska by , said a statement released by markey ."
"in december , president bush signed the energy independence and security act , which included a provision calling for congress to pass legislation opening access to domestic energy sources such as the outer continental shelf and the arctic national wildlife refuge , according to a fact sheet"
on the white house web site .
"london , england cnn a former london police chief said thursday that princess diana would not have died in paris if she had been willing to accept protection from british officers ."
"in turn , he was accused by a lawyer of being part of a conspiracy to murder the princess and her boyfriend , dodi fayed ."
"i totally refute it as a blatant lie , said lord paul condon , who headed london s metropolitan police from through ."
condon said he pleaded with diana to reverse her decision in december to dispense with royal protection officers .
"those officers continued to accompany her only when she traveled with her sons , prince william and prince harry ."
"michael mansfield , a lawyer for al fayed , suggested that after diana s death , condon had suppressed information about her fears of dying in an arranged car crash ."
condon said there were several meetings about diana s security in december and january .
"however , condon said he was off work for nearly four weeks during that period because he had been injured in a serious auto accident ."
"if that had not been the sequence of events , i might have demanded face to face meetings with her , condon said . but i honestly don t think it would have changed her mind ."
mansfield suggested that diana did not trust the police .
"that was wrong , but i think it was a view that i think i would have found it very hard to change her mind about ."
a set of lyrics proposed only last week for spain s wordless national anthem have been yanked amid criticism that they smacked of the country s right wing past and did not reflect its rich cultural diversity .
"alejandro blanco , president of the spanish olympic committee , which in june organized a contest seeking proposals for lyrics and got , entries , said four stanzas announced friday as the official candidate were being shelved because of a lack of consensus ."
the proposed lyrics started off with the viva espana !
rallying cry of the late gen . francisco franco s dictatorship and called on spaniards to love the fatherland .
"that drew criticism from many spaniards , who said the words seemed to hark back to franco s obsession with spain as a unitary state fending off the independence minded zeal of regions like catalonia and the basque country ."
"a gala event scheduled for jan . , at which spanish tenor placido domingo was to sing the lyrics for the first time , has been canceled , blanco said at a news conference ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn young men armed with machetes hurled stones at police who fired back tear gas in a slum in kenya s capital thursday , but most of the country was quiet as opposition protests over a disputed presidential election appeared to lose steam ."
residents hid indoors and crouched on the floors of shops as young men ran past in nairobi s mathare slum .
police fired tear gas down dirt alleyways and gunshots into the air .
opposition leader raila odinga called for three days of demonstrations that began wednesday .
"turnout has been low , however , and there have been few of the serious clashes or torching of homes that immediately followed the announcement of results from the december election ."
"president mwai kibaki won a second term according to official results , but observers said the count was rigged ."
"our rallies will continue until the government sits down with us and seeks a solution , opposition spokesman salim lone told the associated press ."
calling off rallies would be admitting defeat to those who first stole the presidential election and are now killing innocent protesters on sight .
government spokesman alfred mutua repeated kibaki s position that the opposition should take its grievances to court and said the administration is very open to dialogue .
"this week , nations , including the united states and britain , increased pressure on rival politicians to find a solution , threatening to cut aid to the government if the commitment of the government of kenya to good governance , democracy , the rule of law and human rights weakens ."
"late wednesday , the united nations launched an appeal for nearly million to help half a million kenyans affected by the violence ."
"u . n . humanitarian chief john holmes said the money was needed to provide food , shelter , health care and other services for the next six months ."
"defense secretary robert gates , criticized by some for comments indicating nato forces in southern afghanistan are not up to par , praised them thursday for their valor and sacrifice , which has caused the taliban significant losses ."
"he also assured other countries that the planned deployment of of , marines to afghanistan this spring is not because of any shortcomings by forces already there ."
the troops were requested by the international security assistance force .
"it reflects the fact that nato and u . s . commanders believe they need more troops to take advantage of last year s military successes to keep the pressure on the taliban and to accelerate the training of the afghan national security forces , gates said ."
"as i said before the house armed services committee last month , allied forces from the united kingdom , canada , netherlands , australia , denmark and other nations have stepped up to the plate and are playing a significant and powerful role in afghanistan ."
"st . petersburg , russia cnn the british council on thursday denounced a russian campaign of intimidation , which it said had made it impossible to continue operating in two russian cities ."
the statement from the the british council came after russian authorities briefly detained the head of the council s st . petersburg office this week and summoned local staff from the st . petersburg and yekaterinburg offices for interviews .
the council said security officials also visited the staff at their homes .
"the interviews had little do do with their work and were clearly aimed at exerting undue pressure on innocent individuals , british council chief executive martin davison said ."
our paramount consideration is the well being of our staff and i feel we cannot continue our work without significant risk to them .
davison said the british council had suspended operations in both cities because russia had made it impossible for them to continue operating .
"this month , russia s foreign ministry ordered the st . petersburg and yekaterinburg offices to shut , saying they were operating illegally and avoiding paying taxes ."
british foreign secretary david miliband said thursday that the british council had complied with all tax laws and that russia had failed to substantiate its allegations .
"davison said it was wrong to draw the british council , a cultural organization , into an international political dispute ."
"the dispute with the british council is the latest in a diplomatic tit for tat that has been escalating since late , when former russian agent alexander litvinenko was fatally poisoned in london ."
"britain requested the extradition of its prime suspect in the case , moscow based businessman andrei lugovoi , but russia refused to hand him over ."
"britain then expelled russian diplomats from london , leading russia to expel british diplomats from moscow ."
miliband said russian officials have said privately that the actions stem from the litvinenko murder .
"we regard as entirely separate issues mr . litvinenko s murder and the activities of the british council , miliband said ."
"more than flights were canceled nearly a fifth of the day s flights , airport operator baa said ."
"passengers expecting to fly out of heathrow were warned to contact their airline before traveling to the airport , just west of london ."
the chaos was caused by a boeing british airways flight from beijing making a crash landing at p . m .
"for a short while , the southern runway was closed leaving only the northern runway open ."
other london area airports handled extra flights while heathrow capacity was reduced .
"in scotland , travelers were also warned to check before home if they were flying south ."
"donald morrison , spokesman for baa scotland which operates a number of airports in the country , said obviously because heathrow is such a busy airport there s going to be a knock on effect on flights and this will affect scottish passengers ."
there will obviously be a number of passengers who will delayed as the airport plays catch up .
"air crash investigators are trying to work out why a boeing landed short of the runway at london heathrow airport , skidding on grass and ripping apart sections of the aircraft ."
an investigator who has been briefed on the incident told cnn the plane s captain is claiming there wasn t power when he needed it .
"passenger paul venter told the uk press association the wheels came out and went for touchdown , and the next moment we just dropped . i couldn t tell you how far ."
"images showed the boeing ba flight from beijing , china grounded on tarmac after touching down several hundred meters short of the airport s south runway , close to a perimeter road , with its emergency chutes deployed and white fire fighting foam covering the engines ."
"the undercarriage , left wing and left engine of the aircraft were severely damaged , as if it had skidded across the ground ."
at least one of the plane s wheels had been torn off .
"the most visible damage was to the left wing , which was covered in mangled metal where it meets the fuselage ."
"tire tracks hundreds of meters long could be seen in the grass behind the plane , which was surrounded by fire engines and other emergency vehicles ."
"eyewitness neil jones said the plane had made a very , very unusual approach to the airport and sounded louder than usual , pa reported ."
"in a statement , british airways said all passengers and crew members had been evacuated from the plane with six minor injuries taken to hospital ."
"we are very proud of the way our crew safely evacuated all passengers on board , walsh said in a statement ."
"cnn two anti whaling activists who were seized by a japanese whaling vessel two days ago have been handed over to australian government officials on a ship in the antarctic , japan s ministry of foreign affairs announced thursday ."
"australian citizen benjamin potts and british citizen giles lane , both members of the sea shepherd conservation society , jumped on board the yushin maru no . tuesday to deliver a letter saying the vessel was violating international law and australian law by killing whales ."
the anti whaling group accused the crew of the japanese vessel of kidnapping the men .
"australian foreign minister stephen smith said the japanese government which formally approached australia to assist in the transfer did not lay out any conditions for the transfer , in which the men were brought on board the australian ship , the oceanic viking ."
"sea shepherd claims japan s institute for cetacean research , which is backing the operations , had said it would release the two activists if sea shepherd agrees to stop interfering in its whaling operations ."
the japanese fisheries agency said thursday it would readily hand over the two men .
"at a news conference earlier , the agency released pictures of broken bottles they claim group members threw at the ship ."
they also released a photo of the two activists relaxing and drinking tea aboard the yushin maru .
"for some time , for , minutes , i understand , they were tied to a gps mast , tomohiko taniguchi of japan s foreign ministry told cnn . the japanese crew members feared that two crew members from sea shepherd might do something violent ."
he said potts and lane boarded the vessel without permission .
"japan has been hunting whales in the antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as , this winter ."
kevin keegan has sensationally returned to newcastle after being named as the premier league club s new manager in succession to sam allardyce .
"and , with keegan watching from the stands , newcastle cruised into the fourth round of the fa cup with a win over stoke city despite playing most of the match with just men ."
keegan took newcastle to promotion back to the top flight in and came close to winning the league title in the season when they famously led manchester united by points before finishing as runners up .
"he went on to manage fulham , england and manchester city but has been out of the game since leaving city in after a largely unsuccessful spell with the club ."
harry redknapp had been first choice for newcastle owner mike ashley and chairman chris mort but he last week opted to stay at portsmouth .
"london , england cnn popular social networking site facebook has been asked to remove the scrabulous game from its web site by the makers of scrabble , agencies have reported ."
mattel released a statement saying letters have been sent to facebook in the u . s . regarding the scrabulous application .
mattel values its intellectual property and actively protects its brands and trademarks .
as mattel owns the rights to the scrabble trademark outside the u . s . and canada we are currently reviewing our position regarding other countries .
hasbro owns the rights to the game in the u . s . and canada .
"according to mattel s uk office , the online version of the popular board game was created by a third party organization based in india ."
facebook surpassed myspace and bebo as the uk s most popular social networking site just last year with more than half a million daily users .
the official scrabble web site says that more than million sets of the game have been sold in different languages in countries worldwide since its launch in .
new york cnn a biography and year old video of tom cruise are calling attention to the actor s belief in scientology .
"andrew morton , author of tom cruise"
"this is a fair , evenhanded treatment of tom cruise s life , morton said tuesday on nbc s today show . he s a man who deserves attention ."
"the church responded with a page statement , calling the book a bigoted , defamatory assault replete with lies and saying cruise is a scientology parishioner and holds no official or unofficial position in the church hierarchy ."
"rogers cowan , the publicity firm that represents cruise , issued a statement criticizing morton for not interviewing one person who has known or worked with tom in the past years ."
the statement also derides morton for writing outlandish and malicious lies to sell books .
the video was still on gossip web site gawker . com on tuesday .
he discusses his faith while the soundtrack to his mission
impossible films plays in the background .
"morton has also written books about princess diana , madonna and monica lewinsky ."
"cnn musician ike turner died of a cocaine overdose , the san diego county medical examiner s office said wednesday ."
"the cause of death for ike turner is cocaine toxicity with other significant conditions , supervising medical examiner investigator paul parker told cnn ."
"contributing conditions included high blood pressure and emphysema , he said ."
"turner , who died december at age , was perhaps best known for the blues , soul and funk music he and his then wife tina performed with the ikettes during the s and s ."
"a janitor alerted police after he found the package in a garage of an apartment building in goteborg , the country s second largest city , police spokesman jan strannegard said ."
"the package was humming and vibrating suspiciously , so police took no chances and sent out a team of explosives experts ."
"after having cordoned off the area , they opened the package with bomb disposal equipment , only to find the battery operated device inside ."
"the package was vibrating when the janitor found it , but i think it had sort of died out by the time it was disarmed , strannegard said ."
modern day south beach is still a vibrant monument to the art deco designs of the late s and s .
"the narrow streets are lined with hotels and buildings designed with curved edges , porthole windows and pastel colored facades , all touchstones of the style ."
"the miami design preservation league is offering tours of the art deco district guided , recorded and one that can even be done listening on a cell phone ."
"she wore palm tree shaped earrings , a gold and black speckled visor and a t shirt promoting the annual weekend event celebrating art deco , which was scheduled this year for january ."
"i think it s incredibly important to preserve the buildings , brigham said . they have a much more human scale than skyscrapers ."
one stop on the tour is the amsterdam palace at ocean drive and th street .
"it is of mediterranean revival design , which features decorative columns , arched windows , clay barrel tile roofs and rough stucco walls ."
"today it s known as casa casuarina , a five star luxury hotel ."
next up are three small hotels facing the ocean just north of the palatial villa .
"the cardozo was named for one of the first jewish justices on the u . s . supreme court , benjamin cardozo ."
people used a variety of names for hotels .
"attorney yale galanter said simpson planned to use his miami , florida , home to secure bond . but the judge insisted that he put down percent in cash , ."
i don t want him out of the jail until the percent is paid .
"the judge scolded simpson , saying he wasn t taking the matter seriously ."
"simpson s bail bondsman , miguel pereira of florida based you ring , we spring , took the witness stand as prosecutors attempted to prove simpson violated terms of his release on bail as he awaits a robbery trial ."
"i understand percent , said simpson , dressed in a navy blue jail jumpsuit ."
his trial is set to begin on april .
"cnn a former congressman has been charged in connection with his work for an islamic charity accused of funneling money to an afghan warlord , prosecutors announced wednesday ."
"the money laundering , conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges against former michigan rep . mark deli siljander are part of a count indictment released by the u . s . attorney s office in kansas city , missouri ."
"siljander vehemently denies the allegations in the indictment and will enter a not guilty plea , said his attorney , james hobbs ."
prosecutors allege siljander s co defendants the directors of an islamic charity hired him to get the organization off a list of agencies suspected of links to terrorism and paid him with stolen u . s . government funds .
a senate committee named the islamic american relief agency as a group with suspected links to international terrorism in .
"the group then unlawfully kept about , in usaid funds and used the money to pay siljander to lobby on its behalf , said john wood , the u . s . attorney in kansas city ."
"the money was funneled through other nonprofit agencies to hide its origin , according to wood ."
"siljander is accused of lying to federal agents and prosecutors about his work for the group , which allegedly steered , to gulbuddin hekmatyar an ally of the taliban and al qaeda ."
the united states named hekmatyar a specially designated global terrorist in .
"the money was sent between and to accounts in peshawar , pakistan ."
"some of the funds were supposed to go toward renovating buildings hekmatyar owns in a refugee camp in pakistan in order to run an orphanage , according to the indictment ."
siljander s attorney said his client did nothing wrong .
"mr . siljander was never an officer of the islamic american relief agency , nor was he ever involved in any alleged efforts by iara to engage in any prohibited financial transactions with any u . s . designated terrorist , including gulbuddin hekmatyar , hobbs said ."
siljander served three terms in the house of representatives before losing to a republican primary challenger in .
he later served as a u . s . delegate to the u . n . general assembly late in the reagan administration .
he now operates a consulting and public relations firm based in suburban washington .
"the battle for the democratic presidential nomination heads west saturday with caucuses in nevada , where unions and a large hispanic population are heavily expected to influence the results ."
"for years , the region was excluded from playing a significant part in nominating presidential candidates , but senate majority leader harry reid used his clout to move up his state s caucuses , increasing nevada s profile on the primary calendar ."
"barack obama and hillary clinton , respectively the top democratic campaigns are bringing in hundreds of extra staff and volunteers to nevada ."
"the gop also is holding caucuses saturday in nevada , but most republican candidates will be focusing their attention that day on the south carolina primary ."
"the democratic race in nevada appears tight , with the two front runners in a statistical tie ."
former sen . john edwards has the support of percent .
the survey s margin of error is plus or minus percentage points .
"nevada is one of the fastest growing and most diverse states , with one in every five people a hispanic and a heavily unionized work force ."
some of america s closest nato allies reacted with surprise and disbelief wednesday to reported comments from defense secretary robert gates suggesting that their troops fighting the taliban in afghanistan are not up to the job .
"the dutch defense ministry summoned the u . s . ambassador for an explanation of a los angeles times article that said gates complained about soldiers from canada , britain and the netherlands not knowing how to fight a guerrilla insurgency ."
"in britain , conservative lawmaker patrick mercer said gates reported comments were bloody outrageous ."
"i would beg the americans to understand that we are their closest allies , and our men are bleeding and dying in large numbers , mercer , a former british infantry officer , told the associated press ."
these sorts of things are just not helpful among allied nations .
"the united states has regularly criticized germany , france , italy and other allies that refuse to allow their troops in afghanistan to join u . s . forces on the front line against the taliban in the insurgents southern strongholds ."
"according to the la times , gates raised doubts about countries that have sent significant numbers of combat troops to fight in the south , often in the face of widespread opposition at home ."
"most of the european forces , nato forces , are not trained in counterinsurgency ."
nato s secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer moved quickly to defend the allied troops .
"paris , france cnn a paris court convicted french oil giant total sa on wednesday over the sinking of an aging and rusting tanker in rough seas , which caused france s worst ever oil spill ."
"the court found total guilty of maritime pollution and fined it the maximum penalty of , ."
it also ordered total and three other defendants to pay total damages of million the first time in france that a criminal court has awarded damages for an oil spill .
the court acquitted total on a separate charge of complicity in endangering people and property .
"the erika , carrying fuel oil owned by a unit of total , split in two and sank in rough seas off western france on dec . , ."
"nearly six million gallons of oil leaked into the atlantic , killing up to , birds and blackening beaches ."
"the verdict was a stinging blow for total , france s biggest company by market value ."
the paris court faulted the company for carelessness .
the defendants all maintained their innocence the four month trial ended in june .
"a year after the sinking , the european union agreed on tighter controls on maritime safety , notably the phasing out of single hull tankers like erika ."
a subsequent investigation by france s bureau of inquiries into sea accidents blamed lack of maintenance and corrosion aboard the tanker as the main causes for the spill .
officials and environmentalists from regions affected said the disaster cost an estimated million as the spill coated nearly miles of french coastline .
"nairobi , kenya cnn cnn reporter zain verjee was shot in the back with a tear gas cannister on wednesday as running battles erupted between police and protesters after country s opposition leader called for three days of nationwide demonstrations against the outcome of last month s presidential elections ."
"police shot three protesters in kibera , a slum on the outskirts of nairobi , a witness told cnn , and other officers fired tear gas to try to thwart thousands of protesters ."
officers and paramilitary forces were also out in force around kibera and in other parts of the kenyan capital .
"they also patrolled the western town of kisumu , in the rift valley , where many shops were closed in anticipation of violence ."
"verjee , who was unhurt in the incident , was hit while filming a standoff between opposition protesters and police lines at uhuru park in the kenyan capital , nairobi , where the opposition had planned a protest march ."
"mass action is not a good idea , one man said ."
"me personally , i m afraid , said one woman ."
the opposition said it wants to use peaceful street protests to pressure the government to come to some sort of genuine power sharing deal with odinga .
"beijing , china cnn wei wenhua was a model communist and is now a bloggers hero a citizen journalist turned martyr ."
the construction company manager was driving his car when he witnessed an ugly scene
a team of about city inspectors beating villagers who tried to block trucks from unloading trash near their homes .
wei took out his cell phone and began taking pictures .
"by the time it was over , the year old wei was slumped unconscious . he was rushed to the hospital but was dead on arrival ."
his death earlier this month continues to stir controversy .
"in china s mainstream media and in the blogosphere , angry chinese are demanding action ."
"in one day alone , more than , posted comments ."
china s burgeoning economy allows a relatively freer flow of information .
"millions have opened blogs , too . mobile phone users also reached more than half a billion in september , according to the government ."
but silencing these citizen journalists is getting more difficult .
"days after wei s january death , a government official in tianmen city , wei s hometown , was fired , four others detained and more than placed under investigation ."
chinese authorities now appear to be taking these cases seriously .
"islamic militants overran a border fort in northwestern pakistan during a pitched battle wednesday , killing seven pakistani troops and leaving more than a dozen unaccounted for , a military spokesman said ."
"the militants breached the walls of the colonial era outpost along the afghan border with explosives and seized the fort after a firefight that lasted about hours , said army lt . col . baseer hadier malik ."
the outpost is in a part of the tribal territory of south waziristan that is a stronghold of taliban warlord baitullah mehsud the man the pakistani government has named a prime suspect in the december assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
"about fighters armed with rifles and rocket propelled grenades took part in the assault against a garrison of members of pakistan s paramilitary frontier corps , malik said ."
they remained in control of the base late wednesday .
"malik told cnn that border guards escaped and seven were killed , leaving missing ."
pakistan has attempted to crack down on the largely lawless tribal areas along the afghan border under u . s . pressure .
"u . s . intelligence concluded in that the taliban and its al qaeda allies have carved out a new safe haven in that region , using it to stage attacks inside afghanistan ."
"medullary bone , a type of tissue present in modern birds when they are developing eggs , has been found in three dinosaur fossils , researchers report in monday s online edition of proceedings of the national academy of sciences ."
"the dinosaurs were aged , and , indicating they reached sexual maturity earlier than previously thought ."
"in modern birds , medullary tissue lines bones for only a few weeks when they are producing eggs and is then reabsorbed ."
"finding it in dinosaurs , which are believed to be the ancestors of birds , sheds light on their reproduction also ."
"most dinosaurs lived to only about age , though some reached , the researchers said ."
"the study was done by sarah werning , a graduate student at the university of california , berkeley , and andrew lee , also a graduate student at berkeley when the work was done ."
"this is an exciting finding , because age at sexual maturity is related to so many things , the students adviser , said kevin padian , a professor of integrative biology and a curator in uc berkeley s museum of paleontology ."
werning said in a statement that pinpointing the age of reproductive maturity opens up so many complementary avenues of dinosaur research .
"you can talk about dinosaur physiology , lifespan , reproductive strategies . and you could use this technique to look at all kinds of extinct animals ."
steven gerrard fired a hat trick as liverpool thrashed crisis club luton at anfield to book their place in the fourth round of the fa cup .
victory came as a timely boost for manager rafa benitez who heard this week that his job had been offered to juergen klinsmann .
robbie keane scored the only goal at the madejski stadium after minutes to put tottenham into the next round at the expense of reading .
"the fox ratings superpower returns for its seventh season on tuesday , and will doubtless dominate january through may as it did last year and the year before that ."
"it could even attract a bigger audience in , thanks to the hollywood writers strike ."
"but nigel lythgoe , an executive producer for the show , downplayed speculation that the lack of alternative programming as a result of the strike could equal more viewers for idol ."
"but the other networks are so intimidated by the most watched show on american television that they don t really schedule anything around idol anyway , he added ."
"american idol has reached a plateau in the ratings , down only percent from . million average viewers to . million ."
"the finale with winner jordin sparks was seen by . million , according to nielsen media research ."
lythgoe acknowledged that the show suffered last year when finalists failed to top the excitement and star quality of performers from previous seasons
"melbourne , australia cnn police were forced to use pepper spray to subdue three spectators and five were ejected from the grounds at the australian open on tuesday ."
"a match between last year s finalist , fernando gonzalez of chile , and greece s konstantinos economidis was stopped for five minutes while police ejected the spectators , tournament officials and police said ."
"police said those ejected will be forced to stay away from melbourne park for hours , and if they are previous offenders , they will have to stay away longer ."
"last year , serbian and croatian fans clashed at the tournament , some using sticks and flag poles . police and private security guards ejected about spectators on the first day of the tournament ."
"gonzalez , who won in straight sets , said the spirited behavior tuesday by chilean and greek fans reminded him of a davis cup match ."
i saw that they threw spray .
"gonzalez , who said he has never seen pepper spray used at a match , said a few spectators yelled at him in spanish ."
"economidis , who was beaten , said he had never experienced crowd problems like that before ."
it s really something that nobody wants .
mary blilie had been at big sky resort in montana for just one day but had already snapped more photos of her kids than she had in a long time .
"that s because when blilie , now a minneapolis engineer , was a kid her family skied here every winter , and after a year hiatus , she was determined to create some of those same happy memories for her own two children , as well as her nieces and nephews who , along with their parents , had come along for the trip down memory lane ."
"no one gets too bothered about anything , she explains ."
and the skiing couldn t be better some inches of snow a year .
"my son doesn t want to leave , said sandy itkoff , of los angeles , who was a guest at moonlight basin ."
"whatever your age , you can t help but be impressed by the sheer beauty of the place the huge rugged mountains , the snow covered trees , the vistas that seem to go on forever ."
"skiing here can be a good deal too , parents say , with kids and under skiing free and adult lifts at moonlight basin a day and big sky less than at many other major resorts ."
consider that a daily ticket at aspen this season is junior tickets for tweens and teens are less as well .
there are only a few restaurants in the big sky base area and just one at moonlight basin
"beirut , lebanon cnn a car bomb struck a u . s . embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials ."
"the driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries , and the sole passenger walked away unscathed , u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said . both were lebanese nationals , he said ."
"an american citizen who happened to be in the area suffered non life threatening injuries , the spokesman said ."
"lebanese internal security forces said three lebanese civilian bystanders were killed in the explosion in beirut s dora area , contradicting earlier reports of four ."
"twenty one others including the american bystander were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a kilogram pound bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said ."
"the united states is outraged by the terrorist attack , said secretary of state condoleezza rice , who is traveling with president bush in saudi arabia ."
"i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , she added ."
"a communique issued by the u . s . embassy in beirut said the embassy vehicle was apparently the intended target of the attack , and identified the driver and passenger as lebanese security personnel for the embassy ."
but mccormack cautioned against jumping to any conclusions on the intended target .
"we don t yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , he told reporters during the state department s daily briefing ."
we will see over the next day or two . . . where the facts lead us .
"citing security concerns , mccormack would also not address unconfirmed reports that the vehicle was part of a convoy for departing u . s . ambassador to lebanon jeffrey feltman ."
a u . s . embassy statement said feltman canceled a farewell ceremony that he was to host tuesday night out of respect to the victims of today s terrorist explosion .
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenya s opposition party struck a significant blow against the government as its candidates were elected as the house speaker of parliament and deputy speaker in the third round of voting tuesday ."
"kenneth marende was elected in a vote over the government candidate , francis ole kaparo , who had been speaker since ."
"farah maalim , also a member of the opposition orange democratic movement , was elected deputy speaker ."
the parliamentary votes mark a significant win for opposition leader raila odinga .
it was the first session of the parliament since last month s disputed and deadly presidential elections and the first time president mwai kibaki and odinga had been in the same room since votes were cast .
"kibaki s party members arrived hours before the session began , in part to prevent odinga s orange democratic movement members from taking their benches ."
odinga had earlier said he would sit on the government side of parliament because his party won more seats in the parliamentary elections .
"he took a spot in the opposition leader s side , and refused to look at kibaki as the president entered the chambers ."
"the standing orders are very clear , odinga said . they say the majority party is the government party . we are the majority party , and therefore we are going to be sitting on the government side , because we expect the minority party to sit on the opposition benches ."
"the speaker s election required a two thirds majority for the first two rounds and a simple majority in the voting reaches a third round , said analyst macharia munene , an international relations professor at nairobi s united states international university ."
more than people died in a widespread and ethnically motivated killing spree after odinga accused kibaki of rigging the december vote to win his re election .
"odinga said that , despite all the violence , he would be prepared in a new government to work with , but not under , kibaki ."
he called on the president to negotiate on power sharing and to set a date for new elections .
former u . n . secretary general kofi annan was expected to arrive tuesday night to take over mediation efforts in the dispute .
"however , he has had to postpone the effort for a couple of days because he was taken ill with a severe flu on his way to the airport in geneva ."
mr . annan very much regrets this delay but he is in touch with other members of the panel of eminent african personalities .
"jobs also confirmed the consumer electronics company s foray into online movie rentals , revealing an alliance with all six major movie studios to offer films over high speed internet connections within days after they re released on dvd ."
"it comes standard with an gigabyte hard drive , with the option of a gb flash based solid state drive as an upgrade ."
"the machine doesn t come with a built in optical drive for reading cds and dvds , a feature jobs says consumers won t miss because they can download movies and music over the internet and access the optical drives on other pcs and macs to install new software ."
"trading in apple stock was heavy tuesday , the first day of the macworld conference expo in san francisco . it fell . percent to . at midday ."
it was the first visit by a spacecraft to mercury in three decades .
the closest approach occurred a little after p . m .
"i haven t seen so many smiles around this place for a long time , said project scientist ralph mcnutt . it s an incredibly upbeat , very happy situation . everybody s really enjoying this moment ."
messenger needed a gravity assist from mercury this is the first of three fly bys in order to get into orbit around the planet in .
the spacecraft was launched in .
"the last time a spacecraft flew past mercury was in , by nasa s mariner ."
"this time , messenger will provide views of the opposite side of the planet , never before seen by a spacecraft ."
"more than , images are expected to be beamed back ."
"data should begin arriving on earth on tuesday , mcnutt said ."
"riyadh , saudi arabia cnn president bush urged opec nations on tuesday to put more oil on the world market and warned that soaring prices could cause an economic slowdown in the united states ."
"high energy prices can damage consuming economies , the president told a small group of reporters traveling with him in the mideast ."
"the president spoke to reporters before meeting late tuesday with saudi king abdullah , whose country holds the world s largest supply of oil ."
"bush said u . s . consumers are feeling the pain of rising oil costs , which topped a barrel this month ."
"when consumers have less purchasing power , it could cause the economy to slow down , bush said . i hope opec nations put more supply on the market , he added . it would be helpful ."
"at the same time , he noted that the higher prices are guided by supply and demand , and that there is little excess capacity in the marketplace ."
"the organization of petroleum exporting countries next meets february in vienna , austria , to consider increasing output ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"rome , italy cnn pope benedict xvi has canceled a planned visit to a prestigious italian university after a protest by academics and students attacked his views on galileo , the vatican confirmed tuesday ."
the pope had been due to give a speech at la sapienza university in rome thursday to open its academic year .
"however , the visit drew criticism from academics at the university who signed a letter demanding that the trip be called off ."
"separately , students protested outside the university , carrying banners insisting the university is a lay institution and the pope is not welcome ."
"given the events of the past days regarding the visit of the holy father to la sapienza university upon the rector s invitation , which was scheduled to take place thursday , january , it was decided to postpone the event , the vatican said in a short written statement ."
"father ciro benedettini , a spokesman for the vatican , confirmed to cnn the academic protests had prompted the cancellation ."
"in the letter , academics pointing to a speech the pope gave at the same university as a cardinal in claimed he condones the trial and conviction of the scientist galileo for heresy ."
"in comments made years ago when he was still a cardinal , pope benedict is reported to have called the trial reasonable and just ."
"during his speech , the pope then cardinal ratzinger quoted an austrian philosopher paul feyerabend , saying , at the time of galileo , the church remained more loyal or faithful to reason than galileo himself ."
"andreas srova , a physics professor at the university , said it would have been inappropriate for the pope to appear for the inauguration ."
"we have no objections to the pope visiting at any other time when there can be exchanges of opinion , but not at the inauguration , he said ."
cnn s rome bureau chief alessio vinci said it was quite extraordinary for the pope to cancel the visit just because of the objections of the students and professors .
"it is especially surprising , he said , given that this is the same pope that made a controversial visit to turkey last year ."
pope benedict went to the predominantly muslim country despite strained relations between the vatican and the islamic world following a lecture the pope gave at a german university in which he made unflattering comments about the islamic faith .
stocks tumbled tuesday after citigroup s steep quarterly loss and a big drop in retail sales exacerbated fears of a recession .
"the dow jones industrial average indu lost around points , seeing its biggest one day point loss of ."
the decline left the dow at a month low .
the broader s p inx index lost . percent and fell to a month low .
"treasury prices rallied as investors sought safety in government debt , sending the year note yield down to a nearly four year low ."
oil and gold prices fell .
"after the close tuesday , intel intc , fortune reported quarterly results and an outlook that disappointed investors , sending shares of the chipmaker tumbling in after hours trade ."
"the short term outlook for the market looks pretty miserable , said donald selkin , director of research at joseph stevens ."
"the vehicle belonging to the suspect in the killing of a pregnant marine was found outside a motel in north carolina , police tell cnn ."
"marine cpl . cesar armando laurean , charged with first degree murder of year old cpl . maria lauterbach , remains at large ."
"license plates on the truck at the hotel matched those on a black dodge pick up registered to laurean , onslow county authorities said ."
"police were alerted to the presence of the truck , in morrisville , north carolina , by a tip about p . m . , onslow county sheriff ed brown told cnn ."
"the hotel is off airport boulevard near interstate , across the highway from raleigh durham international airport ."
brown cautioned that the discovery does not necessarily indicate that laurean is nearby .
"the sheriff noted that investigators over the weekend found lauterbach s atm debit card at a durham , north carolina , bus station and that investigators received several tips from people that laurean s truck was seen there ."
"authorities also received reports sunday from people who said they saw laurean at a bus station in shreveport , louisiana ."
"she died from blunt trauma to the head , a prosecutor said tuesday ."
"district attorney dewey hudson announced the results after an autopsy on lauterbach , but he acknowledged that questions remain ."
hillary clinton and barack obama both called for an end to a bitter fight in a racially charged debate that has roiled the democratic presidential contest over the last few days .
"at a news conference monday in reno , nevada , obama said that he is concerned about the tenor the campaign has taken in the last couple days ."
"i think that i may disagree with sen . clinton or sen . edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . we re all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , said the senator from illinois ."
"i think they re good people , they are patriots and they are running because they think they can lead this country to a better place , and i don t want the campaign in this stage to degenerate into so much tit for tat back and forth that we lose sight of why all of us are doing this ."
"if i hear my own supporters engaging in talk that i think is ungenerous or misleading or in some way is unfair , then i will speak out forcefully against them , and i hope the other campaigns take the same approach , he said ."
"after obama s statement , clinton released her own remarks , saying the heated rhetoric i know does not reflect what is in our hearts ."
"we differ on a lot of things . . . but when it comes to civil rights and our commitment to diversity , when it comes to our heroes president john f . kennedy and dr . king sen . obama and i are on the same side , she said ."
"and in that spirit , let s come together , because i want more than anything else to ensure that our family stays together on the front lines of the struggle to expand rights for all americans ."
british ninth seed andy murray became the first high profile casualty at the australian open with a defeat to jo wilfried tsonga of france on monday .
i don t think it s the end of the world .
"second seed rafael nadal , the only player to beat roger federer at the last grand slams at the last two french opens battled past serbian qualifier viktor troicki in a night match on center court ."
"the spanish left hander finally prevailed after two hours and minutes , winning , and will next play frenchman florent serra in the second round ."
commissioner scott gordon then ruled that a january emergency order suspending her visitation rights and giving custody to federline would remain in effect .
"this is a grave situation for all , federline s attorney , mark vincent kaplan , said outside the courthouse ."
"although federline thought the ruling was correct , kaplan said , his goal , his hope for the future is at some point he will be able to parent the children with the participation of their mother ."
spears married federline in and filed for divorce in .
"myspace has reached an agreement with more than states to change to help prevent sexual predators and others from misusing it , state officials said monday ."
"several states attorneys general said in a statement that the huge social networking web site has agreed to add several protections and participate in a working group to develop new technologies , including a way to verify the ages of users ."
"myspace , which is owned by rupert murdoch s news corp . , will also accept independent monitoring and changes the structure of its site ."
"the agreement was announced in manhattan by attorneys general from new jersey , north carolina , connecticut , pennsylvania , ohio and new york ."
legal authorities have long been seeking greater controls for networking sites to prevent predators from using them to contact children . we thank the attorneys general for a thoughtful and constructive conversation
"on internet safety , myspace chief security officer hemanshu nigam said in a written statement . this is an industrywide challenge , and we must all work together to create a safer internet ."
"he said the agreement includes measures to provide a safer online experience for teens , and we look forward to sharing our ongoing safety innovations with other companies ."
opposition leader nawaz sharif accused pakistan s president monday of blindly following america and ordering anti terror operations that have left the country drowned in blood .
"sharif s tirade against president pervez musharraf came as troops and militants clashed near the afghan border , leaving dead . separately , a bomb concealed on a motorbike in the southern city of karachi killed at least nine people and wounded ."
the whole of pakistan is drowned in blood .
the former prime minister reiterated his demand for musharraf to step down and for a government of national unity to take power and oversee the february parliamentary elections .
opposition parties say the current caretaker administration is biased and the elections will be rigged in favor of the pro musharraf ruling party allegations musharraf denies .
the latest violence underscored the volatility of pakistan as the nation heads into the elections .
the united states and other western nations are hoping the vote will usher in a period of stability as the country battles rising attacks by al qaeda and taliban militants .
"sharif s speech was his first major campaign event since the december assassination of another key opposition leader , benazir bhutto ."
the city s reputation for violence and the difficulties that arise from not speaking portuguese make it even more important that tourists get some guidance about how to jump in .
"the locals have barely recovered from their new year s hangovers and are already preparing for the five day long , no holds barred pre lenten bash ."
"foreigners in the know are flocking to the hillside shantytowns , where the city s top carnival groups hold weekly rehearsals to polish this year s theme songs and to the sambadrome stadium where free technical rehearsals offer a taste of the samba"
"party in the street , watch the samba parade from the stands or dance in the parade itself ."
"most of the larger samba groups allow tourists to join their contingents as long as they wear the costumes , known as fantasias ."
"the elaborate costumes can cost anywhere from to , , and provide revelers with a very different perspective ."
the upside of parading is the thrill of singing and dancing under the stadium s bright lights before a huge crowd .
"once the parade is over , revelers are left standing outside the stadium in a brilliant , slightly silly looking getup , with few options aside from returning to the hotel to watch the rest of the parade on tv ."
brazilians like foreigners to at least try to dance .
"of course , they laugh at all the misguided footwork , but it s better if foreigners loosen up than be wallflowers ."
"cnn the macworld conference expo , silicon valley s largest technology trade show , opens monday ."
"but the moment everyone is waiting for comes tuesday morning , when steve jobs makes his annual keynote address at san francisco s moscone center ."
what can jobs do to top that ?
nobody has yet shouted out bingo ! in middle of a steve jobs presentation
a moment brilliantly anticipated in ibm s buzzword bingo tv ad link but this could be the year .
a skinny macbook .
"macbook air , thin , nano and mini"
"led backlit screen , under lbs . , half as thick as today s macbooks , , or even gb solid state flash drive , priced around , ."
iphone updates .
"a bump in capacity from gb to gb and maybe gb is expected , as well as a preview of the software developers toolkit sdk promised for february ."
"a g iphone and a newton type tablet are reported to be in the works , but not yet ready for prime time ."
movie rentals .
this is the item hollywood is following most closely .
it s been widely reported that fox and disney are likely to make movies available on itunes for overnight rental at to for hours or for purchase for roughly the price of a shrink wrapped dvd .
"if , as rumored , paramount , lions gate and warner bros join them , the flood of fresh video content could breath new life into the apple tv ."
drm free music .
"if jobs did not use this opportunity to announce a significant expansion of the drm free offerings in the itunes store , especially after the last of the major labels announced last week that they were putting their music on amazon . com amzn without copy protection ."
"brussels , belgium cnn european union regulators said monday they were again investigating software giant microsoft corp . this time on suspicion of abusing its market position by squeezing out competing internet browsers and software rivals dependent on microsoft programs ."
"the european commission opened two formal probes , the first move against the company since a court four months ago backed the eu in a long running legal battle over microsoft s actions in using its ubiquitous windows operating system to elbow into new software markets ."
microsoft said it would cooperate fully with the commission s investigation and provide any and all information necessary .
", saying this usually depended on how complicated the issues are and the level of cooperation that we receive from the company under investigation ."
"although regulators did not specifically name microsoft s latest operating system , vista , they will look at some of its features such as desktop search ."
the eu is also wading into a row between microsoft and open source developers backed by international business machines corp . by looking into microsoft s open format for archived documents office open xml .
the first new probe triggered by a complaint from norway s opera software asa will look at whether microsoft illegally gives away its internet explorer browser for free with windows .
opera had called on the eu to strip internet explorer out of windows or carry alternative browsers .
"the second investigation will examine whether microsoft withheld information from companies that wanted to make products compatible with its software including office word processing , spreadsheet and office management tools , some server products and microsoft s push into the internet under the name of the . net framework ."
"since microsoft supplies the software to the vast majority of home and office computers , rivals complain that refusal to give them interoperability information shuts the door on a huge potential market ."
"brussels , belgium cnn the smurfs led by papa smurf and smurfette kicked off a year of th birthday celebrations monday with smurfberry cake and sasparilla juice ."
"the late cartoonist pierre culliford best known by his pen name , peyo first introduced the tiny blue figures in a comic strip in october ."
he called them schtroumpf
they became known worldwide as the smurfs .
"the smurfs , forest dwellers who live in little white capped mushroom homes , developed their own smurf language in which nouns and verbs were interchanged ."
their debut on u . s . television in launched their global rise to stardom and made the smurfs a household name .
"a smurf is a pitufo in spanish , a schlumpf in german , nam ching ling to the chinese , a sumafa in japan and dardassim in hebrew ."
"to mark years of smurfdom , organizers are planning everything from a d animation feature film expected to be released next year to new comic book collections ."
peyo s widow and two children will help kick off a european birthday tour in brussels .
the smurfs celebration will continue in paris and berlin .
"the smurfs also will team up with the unicef to promote children s rights and education worldwide , said yves willemont of unicef belgium ."
unicef and the smurfs joined forces two years ago to raise the plight of ex child soldiers in africa .
"cnn at least five people and a suicide bomber were killed in a monday attack on a luxury hotel in kabul , while six others were wounded , officials said ."
"the dead included an u . s . citizen and a norwegian newspaper reporter , carsten thomassen , ."
"he died in the hospital of wounds from the blast , said thomassen s newspaper , dagbladets ."
"i m again very much surprised by this terrorist attack , ban said ."
"initially , zemari bashary , a spokesman for afghanistan interior ministry , said the blast from the suicide bomber caused the casualties , but a witness disputed that report ."
"i believe all of them were killed by gunfire , robert stewart , a u . s . witness who had arrived with colleagues at the serena hotel for dinner and to use the gym ."
"and one , if not two insurgents , had run through the parking area toward the front of the building . the suicide bomber apparently came in right after that and blew himself up outside the building , stewart said ."
"he added , at the same time , the insurgents got inside the gym near the front of the building and shot point blank three or four of the people working out i believe that was where the american may have been killed ."
stewart said he had seen two norwegians and a filipino woman who had been shot .
"the filipino woman had been shot critically through the lung , he said ."
"he and others administered first aid to victims until afghan police and military secured the building and evacuated the wounded , he said ."
"bogota , colombia cnn the same leftist rebel group that released two long held hostages three days ago has kidnapped six tourists at a remote beach on colombia s pacific coast , a spokeswoman for the colombian navy said monday ."
"the kidnapping by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , the spanish acronym by which the group is known , took place at dusk sunday when a motorboat with the tourists went ashore at morromico beach in choco province ."
"the boat had set sail with passengers from bahia solano , a port farther north , the spokeswoman said ."
it said rebels then selected six of the passengers and led them into the nearby jungle .
the spokeswoman said one of them is a man with a norwegian father and a colombian mother .
"in its online edition , el tiempo , colombia s largest daily newspaper , said the norwegian was a teacher at a prestigious bogota university ."
"it said his wife , a biologist , along with a hotel owner and a small businessman , also were among the victims ."
"the farc released clara rojas and consuelo gonzalez on friday after holding them for six and years , respectively ."
"rojas was an aide to former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , whom the rebels also are holding hostage . gonzalez is a former colombian congresswoman ."
the colombian government estimates farc is holding around hostages .
"the rebels have said they want to swap a small group , including betancourt and three u . s . anti drug contractors , for a larger group of jailed guerrilla fighters . the remainder are being held for ransom ."
"creating a replacement heart for some of the sickest patients may be one step closer , if new research in rats pans out in humans ."
"it s similar to taking a house and gutting it , then rebuilding everything inside ."
"in the human version , the patient s own cells would be used ."
"we took a rat heart and used soap to wash out the cells of the heart , said doris taylor , director of the center for cardiovascular repair , medtronic bakken professor of medicine and physiology and lead author of the study . the process is called decelluarization ."
"the soap moved through the heart s blood vessels , dissolving existing cells , which dropped out of the bottom ."
"the rebuilding started with injecting new heart cells , in this case cells from baby lab rats , and pumping them through the heart ."
the goal is to increase options for human heart patients .
"according to the american heart association , more than million americans have some form of cardiovascular disease ."
"heart disease is the no . cause of death in men and women in the united states each year , killing nearly , people in ."
former president clinton on monday complained about attacks from sen . barack obama on sen . hillary clinton in the latest back and forth bickering between the two rival democratic presidential campaigns .
"i ve got before me a list of attacks on hillary that are quite personal by sen . obama and his campaign going back six months that i ve had pulled , he said , speaking to cnn contributor roland martin on wvon am s the roland s . martin show based in chicago , illinois ."
"at a campaign rally monday in reno , nevada , obama said he is concerned about the tenor the campaign has taken in the last couple days ."
"i think that i may disagree with sen . clinton or sen . edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . we re all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , said obama ."
"i think they re good people , they are patriots and they are running because they think they can lead this country to a better place and i don t want the campaign in this stage to degenerate into so much tit for tat back and forth that we lose sight of why all of us are doing this ."
obama also warned his supporters to play fair .
a recording of comments sunday by black entertainment television founder bob johnson that appeared to criticize obama s admitted past drug use were played on martin s show .
johnson later said he was referring to obama s community organizing efforts .
"the atm card of slain marine maria lauterbach was found in a durham , north carolina , bus station over the weekend and the truck of the marine suspected of killing her was reported in the area , police said monday ."
"the search for that suspect , cpl . cesar armando laurean , was earthwide , onslow county sheriff ed brown said at a news conference monday ."
"he said the fbi is offering a , reward to anyone providing information leading to laurean s capture ."
brown said he expected laurean was getting help in hiding and asked friends or family to turn in the marine corporal if he makes contact .
a warrant for laurean s arrest on murder charges was issued over the weekend .
the fbi said monday it has also obtained a federal warrant for laurean s arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution .
"electronic billboards with the wanted poster for laurean will soon be appearing across the country , the fbi said ."
"brown said evidence shows lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant at the time of her disappearance , was killed on or about december , four days before she was reported missing to local law enforcement authorities ."
"london , england cnn princess diana s relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter a whore , paul burrell , the princess s former butler , told an inquest monday ."
"burrell , who returned to britain from his home in florida to give evidence , was the first star witness of the london inquest , now in its fourth month ."
"his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august , , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated ."
"burrell , whom the late princess once called my rock , cast doubt on whether diana was ready to marry fayed ."
"according to burrell , the princess was still holding a candle for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan who she called her soulmate when she started dating fayed on the rebound ."
"burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men ."
"she called the princess a whore and she said that she was messing around with effing muslim men and she was disgraceful and said some very nasty things , burrell said ."
"he agreed that , as a result of such calls diana , decided not to talk to her mother again ."
diana s month relationship with khan ended around the same time she started seeing fayed in july .
"burrell said diana had asked him at one point to investigate how a private wedding with khan might take place , given that khan is muslim ."
"khan had not proposed to the princess , burrell said , adding that khan was the man she loved more than any other ."
he said he spoke to diana about the possibility that fayed would give her a ring shortly before her death .
"burrell said he suggested to the princess that she wear it on the fourth finger of her right hand , rather than the left , as is customary with engagement rings ."
"burrell also told the inquest he did not believe prince philip , queen elizabeth s , husband was involved in diana s death ."
but burrell said that he knew prince philip very well and that he could not have been behind the deaths .
plus the princess was the mother of his grandchildren .
why would he want to harm her ?
"actors and filmmakers skipped the golden globes because of the two month old strike by the writers guild of america , which had planned pickets outside the show if organizers had tried to do their usual televised ceremony ."
globe planners and nbc canceled the three hour star studded bash in favor of an hour long news conference at which clips of film and tv nominees were shown and reporters from entertainment news shows announced winners .
"on strike since november , the writers guild of america refused to let union members work on the star studded banquet style show , prompting actors to boycott the ceremony rather than cross picket lines ."
"although the guild called off pickets it had planned outside the news conference , the strike left one of hollywood s brightest and giddiest nights in shambles ."
"the news conference format was a far cry from a ceremony whose star wattage would have been powered by the likes of julia roberts , tom hanks , george clooney , denzel washington , blanchett , johnny depp and angelina jolie , who all had acting nominations ."
copies of the traditional glossy program booklet for the th annual globes were still on hand for reporters covering the event .
"along with photos of previous winners and past globe soirees , the program included welcome letters from los angeles mayor antonio villaraigosa and california gov . arnold schwarzenegger , himself a globe winner for best acting debut with s stay hungry ."
"the fate of hollywood s biggest night , the february oscars , remains uncertain ."
"oscar organizers insist their show will come off as planned , with or without the writers ."
"with two best picture categories , the globes traditionally have had a good shot for one of its movie winners to come away with the top prize at the oscars ."
"but the globes have not correctly forecast an oscar best picture winner in four years , the last one being the lord of the rings"
the return of the king .
ruud van nistelrooy scored two late goals as spanish champions real madrid defeated bottom side levante on sunday to re establish their seven point lead over barcelona at the top of the primera liga table .
a staggering points separated real and levante before kick off but on the pitch there was little to choose between them before dutch striker van nistelrooy s stole the points with his th and th goals of the campaign .
a surprise defeat at almeria on sunday .
espanyol had not lost since a defeat to recreativo huelva at the end of september but an th minute goal from kalu uche ended that run .
villarreal are now breathing down their necks after a comeback win over deportivo la coruna .
these island vacations make falling in love even more fun .
bermuda
bermuda has long been a choice vacation spot for lovers . topping their list
"elbow beach on the south shore , which was named best place for falling in love by the bermudian magazine ."
bermudatourism . com .
"manhattan , new york"
hopeless romantics will always find inspiration in the big apple .
"restaurants are everywhere , but couples flock to the west village s one if by land , two if by sea considered one of the best places in the city to pop the question ."
"for skyline views , head to top of the rock , the observation deck crowning the ge building at rockefeller center ."
"on valentine s day , adults visiting between p . m . and midnight receive a free glass of champagne"
rockefellercenter . com .
"for a different view of the island , try a manhattan harbor brunch cruise for two aboard a s style yacht"
", xperiencedays . com , or iloveny . com ."
"big island , hawaii"
"the mauna lani resort , on the big island s kohala coast , indulges romantic guests with its lava love getaway package ."
"for at least three nights , health conscious couples may stay in a deluxe oceanfront suite and enjoy sunrise workouts on the beach"
or maunalani . com .
"whidbey island , washington"
"stress starts to melt away as you step off the ferry onto this washington island , just one hour north of seattle ."
"rich in natural beauty , whidbey island is also home to picturesque towns and romantic b bs ."
"journeying north , drop by greenbank farms for wine and cheese before climbing the admiralty head lighthouse for a gorgeous view of the strait of juan de fuca ."
toast to your travels at the new frasers gourmet hideaway in oak harbor
whidbeycamanoislands . com .
"the grove isle hotel spa , miami , florida"
"secluded on a acre island in biscayne bay , the grove isle hotel spa provides a relaxing escape from the big city nearby ."
"a pool and jogging path overlook the bay , as do bayview rooms ."
"dine at the acclaimed oceanfront baleen restaurant , and spice things up with the tantra lovers island escape package"
or groveisle . com .
"wellington , new zealand cnn greenpeace said monday it has disrupted the japanese whale hunt off antarctica by chasing the fleet s whale processing factory ship out of the whaling zone ."
"the six vessel fleet scattered and ran early saturday when it realized the greenpeace vessel esperanza was heading toward them at high speed , greenpeace expedition leader karli thomas told new zealand s national radio ."
"the fleet s three whale hunter vessels can t operate without the factory ship nisshin maru there to process the kill , she added ."
"greenpeace has pledged to take nonviolent action to try to stop the ships from killing whales , which in the past has led to activists in speed boats trying to put themselves between whales and japanese harpoons ,"
a spokesman for japan s whale hunt called greenpeace s actions illegal and demanded it stop its disruptive actions .
"greenpeace actions are illegal under international law and it s time the public stopped treating greenpeace as heroes , glenn inwood , spokesman for the institute of cetacean research , in tokyo , japan , said monday ."
it s time the public saw this fringe group for what they really are
environmental imperialists who are trying to dictate their morals to the world .
"japan dispatched its whaling fleet to the icy waters of antarctica in november to kill about , whales under a program that tokyo says is for scientific purposes , but which anti whaling nations and activists say is a front for commercial whaling ."
"under worldwide pressure , japan last month abandoned its plan to include humpback whales in this season s hunt the first major hunt of humpback whales since the s ."
"beverly hills , california cnn the tragic romance atonement was named best drama sunday at a golden globes event that was deflated from star studded revelry to dry , news conference style awards announcement because of the hollywood writers strike ."
the bloody stage adaptation sweeney todd
the demon barber of fleet street was chosen as best musical or comedy .
"its star , johnny depp , won for best actor in a musical or comedy for the title role , playing a vengeful barber who slits the throats of his customers in the adaptation of stephen sondheim s stage musical ."
"atonement , which led globe contenders with seven nominations , stars keira knightley and james mcavoy ."
"daniel day lewis was named best dramatic actor for the historical epic there will be blood , in which he plays a baron of california s oil boom in the early th century whose commercial interests put him at odds with a young preacher ."
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he supports plans to allow hospitals to take dead patients organs without their prior consent ."
"writing in a british newspaper sunday , brown said the change was needed to cover a shortfall in donors which led to more than , people in britain dying each year awaiting transplants , a situation he called an avoidable human tragedy ."
"in an article in the sunday telegraph , he said there were currently more than , people in the country awaiting organ donation but only , transplants were carried out each year ."
under the present system people must sign up to an organ donor register if they want to give up their organs after they die .
a total of . million people around per cent of the population are on the register .
"however , brown said he backed moving to a system of presumed consent whereby a dead person s organs would automatically be available for transplant unless individuals had opted out of the national register or family members objected ."
the proposals are closely modeled on the donor system in spain where brown said around people per million had their organs used by hospitals .
"this compares with donors per million in britain and per million in america , he added ."
"although in spain consent is presumed by law , families are still asked to give their permission for the donation to go ahead ."
"the system is managed by dedicated transplant co ordinators who talk to grieving relatives , often within a few hours of death , to seek their consent ."
"brown said he wanted to start a serious debate about the issue of organ donation , which remains contentious especially among many faith groups and patients rights bodies who argue the decision should be left to the patients and their families alone ."
"it is a sensitive issue , and one on which many different"
points of view need to be heard .
"for the first several years of its existence , the golden globes like many other hollywood awards were an insular affair ."
"the hollywood foreign press association , which began presenting the awards in , was content to rent a ballroom at a local hotel , hand out trophies to stars or their representatives and generally sponsor a good time ."
it wasn t until the late s that the awards were televised and then only in los angeles and not until that they received a national broadcast of their own .
"in and , the globes were presented on a special segment of the andy williams show ."
"and it s only in the last decade or so , after years of bouncing from network to network , that the globes have established themselves as a major attraction , consistently with one broadcaster nbc and just as consistently one of the highest rated awards shows of the year ."
"this year , however , it s forward into the past more or less ."
there will be no red carpet on which celebrities can show off the latest fashions .
"there won t even be much in the way of partying afterward , since many of the studios have canceled their after awards bashes ."
"instead , hamstrung by the ongoing writers strike and actors refusal to cross the picket line , the globes will be presented as a one hour press conference on nbc at et sunday night ."
"the press conference will air from the beverly hilton , home to the globes since the early s ."
access hollywood hosts billy bush and nancy o dell are scheduled to announce the honors .
"at p . m . , the network is airing a rerun of american gladiators ."
"despite the situation created by the strike , the globes are still considered a key forecaster of the oscars ."
"this year , the globes leading nominee is atonement , the period drama based on the ian mcewan novel about a shattered love affair ."
"authorities on sunday said they were zeroing in on marine cpl . cesar laurean , charged with first degree murder in the death of lance cpl . maria lauterbach ."
witnesses said a man fitting his description was seen either on a bus or getting off a bus that was heading to texas .
"but onslow county , north carolina , sheriff ed brown cautioned , that doesn t mean he has to be tied to going that same direction ."
"we believe it may have just been a pass through . we received information he may be headed into texas , shreveport police chief henry whitehorn sr . , told the associated press ."
"he added , i think it will be a short vacation for mr . laurean ."
"when asked why laurean wasn t arrested when he was seen on saturday night , brown said it was because he wasn t sighted by law enforcement . we told the folks in the general public , don t try to detain him ."
brown said police believe laurean could be a dangerous and violent person if he was put in a corner .
"laurean has been charged with first degree murder in the death of lance cpl . maria lauterbach , although authorities have not positively identified the body as hers ."
"former indonesian president suharto s condition worsened sunday , as his family granted doctors permission to take him off life support when they see fit , cnn s richard quest has reported ."
"doctors at pertamina hospital said they will continue to keep suharto , , on a ventilator until all his organs stop functioning ."
they pegged his chances of recovery at and called his condition very critical .
"marjo subiandono , the chief presidential doctor said that he is now in very critical condition , worse than yesterday , according to reports carried by the associated press ."
"as suharto s heart and lungs showed further decline , his family remained at his bedside sunday afternoon reciting verses from the quran ."
"subiandono added that there were difficulties with suharto s blood flow and that his breathing pipe had to be cleared early sunday after indications it was becoming clogged , ap reported ."
"his blood pressure dropped to over , subiandono said . he is still breathing with the help of a ventilator ."
"on saturday , indonesia s attorney general made an offer to suharto s family to settle civil claims of . billion that the ex president is accused of stealing from the state during his year regime ."
"lawyers for the family told cnn they were rejecting the offer because it was inappropriate to talk about the corruption case during such a difficult time , and because suharto has denied doing anything wrong ."
"suharto was rushed to pertamina hospital in jakarta on january for treatment of a failing liver , heart and lungs , his doctors said ."
"cnn south africa s embattled police commissioner resigned sunday as president of interpol , a day after he took an extended leave of absence from his police duties , the international crime fighting agency said in a statement ."
"interpol s secretary general ronald noble received a resignation letter on sunday from jackie selebi , who is facing charges of corruption related to his role as police commissioner , the agency said ."
the charges are not related to his leadership role in interpol .
"in the letter , selebi said he was resigning because he did not wish the allegations against him to bring the good work of this august body into disrepute ."
"based on my experience of working with mr . selebi in his capacity as delegate , vice president and ultimately president of the organization , he has always conducted himself and acted in a way to enhance global security and police co operation worldwide , noble said in a statement ."
"on saturday , south african president thabo mbeki told a news conference in pretoria , south africa , that selebi had been given an extended leave of absence from his police duties , but that he was not being sacked ."
"the national prosecuting authority said it will charge the police chief with corruption and defeating the administration of justice , tladi tladi , a spokesman for the agency told cnn ."
tladi said the corruption charges were linked to agliotti to a certain extent .
agliotti recently received a year suspended prison sentence in a drug case after entering into a plea bargain .
"he is also accused of involvement in the killing of mining magnate brett kebble , according to south african media reports ."
"vienna , austria cnn iran s leaders agreed to answer all remaining questions about their country s past nuclear activities within four weeks in talks with the u . n . s chief nuclear inspector , his spokeswoman said sunday ."
the four week deadline is meant to wrap up an iaea probe of past iranian nuclear programs .
"a diplomat familiar with the talks said that investigation now was focused on the most delicate aspects of iran s past atomic work , including programs linked to u . s . suspicions the country conducted experiments linked to nuclear arms ."
"elbaradei on sunday ended a two day visit to tehran that included unprecedented meetings with both ayatollah ali khamenei , iran s supreme leader , and president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
"the diplomat said elbaradei pressed his case for the need for iran to suspend uranium enrichment , a key u . n . security council demand ."
"president bush said sunday that iran is threatening the security of the world , and that the united states and arab allies must join together to confront the danger before it s too late ."
"bush said iran funds terrorist extremists , undermines peace in lebanon , sends arms to the taliban , seeks to intimidate its neighbors with alarming rhetoric , defies the united nations and destabilizes the entire region by refusing to be open about its nuclear program ."
"iran is the world s leading state sponsor of terror , bush said in a speech he delivered about midway through his eight day mideast trip that began with a renewed push for an israeli palestinian peace pact an accord he said whose time has come ."
"bush also chided u . s . allies who have withheld civil liberties , saying governments will never build trust by harassing or imprisoning candidates and protesters ."
"you cannot expect people to believe in the promise of a better future when they are jailed for peacefully petitioning their government , bush said . and you cannot stand up a modern , confident nation when you do not allow people to voice their legitimate criticisms ."
bush gave the speech on democracy in one of the few countries in the region the united arab emirates where democracy has been virtually ignored .
"in other countries in the region , especially egypt , the fight between democracy activists and autocratic governments has been much more pointed and controversial ."
"he called on the palestinians to reject extremists , although he did not mention the islamic radical group hamas , which has gained control of gaza ."
"jerusalem cnn israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas agreed sunday to authorize peace talks , which could begin monday , according to the offices of both leaders ."
"olmert and abbas said they would tell negotiating teams to conduct direct and ongoing negotiations on all final status and core issues , the prime minister s office said ."
"israeli foreign minister tzipi livni is slated to meet with former palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei on monday , said aryeh mekel , a spokesman for livni ."
"however , he said the meeting may only be to discuss procedural issues regarding the negotiations , rather than the core issues themselves ."
the announcement regarding the negotiations came three days after president bush s visit to israel and the palestinian territories .
much of bush s eight day trip to the mideast is centered on the ambitious task of sealing an elusive peace agreement between the two sides .
"during his stay in israel , bush called on israeli and palestinian leaders to make painful concessions in reaching a peace agreement including dismantling terrorist infrastructure and ending israel s occupation of palestinian territory ."
"there should be an end to the occupation that began in , bush told reporters in jerusalem on thursday ."
"the agreement must establish a palestine as a homeland for the palestinian people , just as israel is a homeland for the jewish people ."
"security is fundamental , he said . no agreement and no palestinian state will be born of terror ."
"abbas called thursday on israel to comply with the terms of the road map , a u . s . supported peace plan agreed upon in ."
"under the road map , israel must halt west bank settlement activity and palestinians must dismantle militant groups ."
"israeli leaders have said they are committed to the road map , and have called on palestinian leaders to abide by their obligations ."
"we are fully satisfied with the outcome that we reached through this visit with president bush , abbas said ."
"london , england cnn british twins who had been separated at birth learned they were related only after they had become husband and wife , a senior british lawmaker said ."
the couple s identities have been protected for legal reasons .
"their case was first highlighted by lord alton of liverpool during a discussion on donor conception in the house of lords in december , but only came to light friday ."
the peer told the house of lords that a court annulled the union as soon as the twins true relationship became known .
"they were never told that they were twins , he said during the dec . debate on a law covering human fertility and embryology ."
"no further details about the couple have emerged , and it is not known when the marriage took place or how long they were together before they discovered the truth ."
adoption groups said friday the case proves the need for openness and transparency during the adoption process .
"mo o reilly , director of child placement for the british association for adoption and fostering , said released a statement saying thirty or years ago it would have been more likely that twins be separated and brought up without knowledge of each other ."
"however , she said , greater emphasis in recent years on ensuring adopted siblings stay in touch meant this traumatic case will remain incredibly rare ."
"daisy o clee , a spokeswoman for the agency , said that of more current concern is the lack of legislation surrounding fertility treatment ."
"under british law the parents of a donor conceived child do not have to declare that fact on the child s birth certificate , o clee told cnn ."
lawmakers will vote tuesday on whether to pass a law covering human fertility and embryology that would relax the rules on who can have fertility treatment .
o clee warned that in its present form the proposal does little to address the rights of donor conceived children .
cnn an a superjumbo bound for sydney came loose from a tow truck and partially rolled onto grass at singapore airport .
"no one was injured in the incident involving the world s biggest airliner , a singapore airlines spokesman said , but passengers were taken off so the plane could be repositioned and inspected for any damage ."
"a truck being used to push back the plane in preparation for the flight experienced some form of failure causing it disconnect from the aircraft , a singapore airlines spokesman said ."
"as a consequence of the failure on the truck , the aircraft . . . came into contact with the grass verge off the airport tarmac ."
"it is too early at this time to know the cause of the incident but singapore airlines will investigate this quickly , and is filing reports with the appropriate singapore authorities , the spokesman said ."
the airline made arrangements for as many customers as possible to continue on their journey from changi airport to sydney aboard a boeing .
"singapore airlines received its first a in october last year to become the first carrier in the world to operate the double decker aircraft , which it is currently using for the singapore sydney route ."
"changi airport , which is home to the singapore airlines a fleet , has declared itself ready to handle the plane ."
it widened and lengthened existing runways and widened runway shoulders to allow the plane to maneuver .
"airports around the world have had to make changes to accommodate the a , such as enlarging runways and gates and bringing in vehicles which can tow the plane and lift high enough to reach its upper decks ."
"jacksonville , north carolina cnn police have found a cavity in the back yard of the suspected killer of a pregnant marine and are no longer looking anywhere else for her , onslow county sheriff ed brown said friday evening ."
"there s a strong indication of human remains in the cavity , said district attorney dewey hudson ."
"the hunt continues for suspect cpl . cesar armando laurean , whom lance cpl . maria lauterbach had accused of raping her ."
"she is dead , and she is buried ."
"lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant , was said to be buried in a shallow grave in a wooded residential area of onslow county , but her body had not yet been recovered , brown said ."
"brown said laurean , a year old from nevada , is believed to have left the marine base about a . m . friday , driving a black dodge pickup with north carolina license plate trr ."
"laurean repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney wouldn t let him ."
brown said a witness came forward at a . m . friday with a statement and evidence that convinced authorities lauterbach was dead .
"brown wouldn t name the witness , or describe lauterbach s cause of death , except to say she died from an injury ."
"the interior of laurean s home was being searched friday night , brown said ."
laurean s wife was still in onslow county and had talked briefly with authorities . brown described her as cooperative .
"he said he did not know where laurean was headed , but my suspicion would be , he s trying to get there quick ."
a reporter who asked military officials why laurean hadn t been taken into custody after lauterbach reported the alleged rape was told there were indications that lauterbach and laurean carried on some sort of friendly relationship after she filed the complaint against him .
"the information developed over the last hours leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact with him , said paul ciccarelli , agent in charge of the naval criminal investigative service at camp lejeune ."
ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active .
david beckham said he would be honored to help england in its bid to host the world cup following another meeting with british prime minister gordon brown on thursday .
"beckham , who hopes to achieve his th cap in fabio capello s first match as england coach against switzerland at wembley next month , played a high profile role promoting london s ultimately successful bid for the olympics ."
"being english , to bring the world cup back to england would be something really special and i would be honored to be involved in that ."
"the year old beckham , who had a one hour private meeting with brown at downing street on tuesday , gave the prime minister a guided tour of his east london soccer academy on thursday ."
"david beckham is known in every part of the world , said brown who has already spoken in support of england hosting the showpiece ."
"samburu , kenya cnn kenya , one of the most prosperous and tourist friendly countries in africa , has seen up to billion in losses linked to the bloody turmoil following president mwai kibaki s disputed re election , officials said ."
"in the days after the december vote , riots and ethnic violence erupted from the coast to the rural highlands , killing some kenyans , displacing thousands , and prompting the nairobi stock exchange to close and shops and restaurants to padlock their doors ."
"more than , tourists who had been expected to arrive at the coast this week canceled trips at the last minute , according to an official of the kenya tourism federation who asked that his name not be used because he was not allowed to speak to the media ."
tourism s high seasons are december to march and then july to september .
the effects stretch far beyond tourism .
"the turmoil also has driven up prices of staple foods such as bread , maize flour and some vegetables because of roadblocks along main roads ."
the transport problems also led to temporary fuel shortages in the region because supplies got stuck at the port in mombasa .
conservationists in parks such as the masai mara say they rely on tourism to keep the parks up and running .
"new delhi cnn an indian car manufacturer unveiled its much anticipated , people s car on thursday a four wheel passenger vehicle which it hopes will provide a much needed transportation option for the poor ."
"tata motors is billing the nano as the world s least expensive four wheel vehicle , with the first batch to hit the indian market in the second half of this financial year ."
skeptics have questioned whether the car meets safety and emissions standards .
others are concerned that the ultra cheap vehicle could dramatically tax india s already poor infrastructure and contribute to the country s existing urban gridlock .
"chief u . n . climate scientist rajendra pachauri , who shared last year s nobel peace prize , said last month that he was having nightmares about the prospect of the low cost car , reported the associated press ."
"if you re talking about urban environment , it will cause serious problems , jamie leather , a transport specialist with the asian development bank , told ap . it s a major concern ."
but company chairman ratan tata said the nano met both indian and european emission standards and that it had been designed to pass international crash test standards .
"it would average about miles per gallon , he told ap ."
"tata , which is in talks with ford over a buyout of jaguar , expects the car to sell domestically for the first two to three years and says that it is still exploring exporting options ."
the company is yet to decide whether it will set up additional plants outside india or export the finished product .
"the basic model of the car will cost , , plus additional taxes and transportation costs ."
it will be produced in a manufacturing plant being built in the northeastern indian state of west bengal .
"the plant will have an initial production capacity of , vehicles per year , possibly expanding to , ."
"ap reported that in , indian vehicles released million tons of carbon dioxide , the leading greenhouse gas blamed for global warming ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn american warplanes thursday pounded a region of iraq considered a safe haven for al qaeda in iraq , dropping bombs in the first minutes of the attack , the u . s . military said ."
"the bombardment near the arab jabour area on the southern outskirts of baghdad is part of a new countrywide push against insurgents called operation phantom phoenix , the military said ."
"forty targets were hit simultaneously , with a total of , pounds of bombs dropped , according to a military news release ."
"the attacks follow a series of kinetic strikes there since december , a military official said ."
the official said the area is one of the last insurgent safe havens in the agricultural region that includes sprawling fields and farmlands .
"targets included suspected cache sites for explosives and roadside bombs , and the aim was to neutralize the threat before the troops go in , the official said ."
some of the targets were along the tigris river .
"the operation required extensive planning to prevent collateral damage and to prevent the use of any area for attacks into baghdad and against coalition forces , according to the news release ."
"the air force provided two b bombers and four f fighter jets , aiming at three large target areas . each bomber passed over twice and the f s followed to complete the set , the release said ."
"a u . s . military spokesman said the operation would be countrywide , though it is clear al qaeda in iraq is attempting to regain strength and establish new support areas in northern iraq ."
"the raids were southwest of mahmoudiya and in baghdad , mosul and samarra ."
"lahore , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people and injured more than others after detonating an explosive outside a court in lahore on thursday , police said ."
"the exact number of casualties varied , but state run news agency the associated press of pakistan said police officers and one passerby were killed ."
"reports of another explosion triggered a dash toward a supposed second blast site , but those reports proved unfounded , said aftab cheema , senior superintendent of lahore police ."
"the suicide blast occurred in the city s commercial district , moments before lawyers were set to begin a rally outside the high court in the eastern pakistani city to protest the rule of president pervez musharraf ."
caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro said in a statement that those who committed this cowardly act were neither believer of any religion nor of any human ethics .
police said about uniformed and plainclothes officers were at the scene ahead of the rally when the bomb went off about a . m . pakistan time a . m . gmt .
"many of the wounded were taken to mayo hospital in lahore , said medical superintendent fayyaz ahmad ranjha ."
"in recent months , pakistan has been besieged by a wave of suicide attacks that has claimed several hundred lives ."
"the blast comes a day before the start of the month of muharram , a holy period of mourning , when religious tension are high ."
"it also follows the death of bhutto , who was killed at a rally in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital islamabad , on december . ."
"while the cause of her death is still unclear , a bomber blew himself up near her limousine ."
lawyers in lahore have been holding rallies every thursday to protest the government s crackdown on the judiciary and imprisonment of lawyers and judges across the country .
the shaky five minute video aired on iran s press tv widely viewed as the mouthpiece for iran s islamic revolution guards corps and was posted on press tv s web site .
u . s . national security adviser stephen hadley said sunday s incident in the strait of hormuz almost involved an exchange of fire between our forces and iranian forces .
iran maintains that it was a routine communication and accuses the united states of exaggerating the incident for political purposes .
the iranian video is shot from a watercraft that does not appear to be moving .
"for the first minutes , the camera zooms in on what appears to be three u . s . coalition warships , some distance away , and a helicopter flying above the vessels ."
"about halfway into the video that was released on the web site , a bearded man in an orange safety vest and a checkered scarf appears on the camera and begins speaking over the radio to one of the u . s . warships ."
"the silhouettes of the u . s . naval ships can been seen on the horizon , a long distance away ."
the voice from the u . s . ship states that it is operating in international waters .
"after several calm radio exchanges between the two , and at least one edit on the video , it cuts to a blue speedboat with men in orange vests on board , speeding away from the u . s . warships toward the camera ."
a u . s . navy official said the iranian video appears to be truthful showing three ships making a transit of the strait of hormuz .
"but , he added , clearly the video is edited to include only the verbal context the iranians wanted to include ."
"on tuesday , the pentagon released a videotape shot from the bridge of the uss hopper showing five fast boats racing back and forth near the convoy ."
iranian officials accused the pentagon of forging the video it released and said the united states timed the release to coincide with the eve of president bush s trip to the middle east .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said in a speech thursday that the central bank is prepared to continue lowering interest rates in order to help keep the economy on track .
he also reiterated that the fed does not believe the economy will slip into a recession this year .
"we stand ready to take substantive additional action as needed to support growth and to provide adequate insurance against downside risks , bernanke said in prepared remarks before the women in housing and finance and exchequer club in washington , d . c ."
"however , some economists suggested that rate cuts may be too late to stop a recession ."
"wall street interpreted bernanke s comments to mean that there is now an increased likelihood the fed will lower its key federal funds rate by a half percentage point , to . percent , at the conclusion of its two day meeting on jan . ."
"a half point cut is certainly on the table and it s about time . the fed has a lot of work to do , said james glassman , senior economist with jpmorgan chase ."
"to that end , investors are pricing in a percent chance that the fed will lower rates by a half point on jan . , according to federal funds futures listed on the chicago board of trade ."
a confidante of princess diana said thursday that prince philip wrote two letters to the princess which were derogatory and cruel .
"simone simmons , who practices energy healing and met diana in , told a coroner s inquest that the princess had shown her two letters from philip written in and , near the end of diana s marriage to prince charles ."
simmons agreed with a suggestion by a lawyer that the letters made cruel and disparaging observations about the propriety of the conduct of diana .
"the couple , pursued by photographers , died in a car crash in a paris road tunnel in august ."
"fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , claims the couple were the targets of a conspiracy directed by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
on wednesday a former police bodyguard for diana said that the security team protecting her in paris contributed to her death through their hostility to paparazzi photographers .
"ken wharfe , who was diana s personal protection officer from to , told a british coroner s inquest that tensions with photographers could have been eased by setting up a brief photo of the princess with her boyfriend , dodi fayed ."
"the very fact that . . . they played this cat and mouse game . . . was to me the beginning of the end , he testified ."
"sen . john kerry on thursday endorsed sen . barack obama for the democratic presidential nomination , saying the senator from illinois is a candidate to bring change to our country ."
"the senator from massachusetts made the announcement in front of an enthusiastic crowd in charleston , south carolina , days ahead of the state s democratic primary ."
kerry said he was stirred by the way obama eloquently reminded us of the fact that our true genius is faith in simple dreams and insistence on small miracles .
"the endorsement could be seen as a blow to former sen . john edwards , who was kerry s running mate in the election ."
"the endorsement shouldn t come as a surprise to edwards , who was publicly critical of kerry s campaign after the earlier election ."
"when we were running against each other and on the same ticket , john and i agreed on many issues , edwards said . i continue to believe that this election is about the future , not the past , and that the country needs a president who will fight aggressively to end the status quo and change the washington system and to give voice to all of those whose voices are ignored in the corridors of power ."
kerry made an oblique reference to the other candidates in the race with whom i have worked and who i respect in his speech thursday .
a source suggested senator s support for obama will be a big boost because kerry remains one of the most popular figures in the democratic party and has an e mail list with millions of addresses .
"obama on wednesday picked up endorsements from two key unions in nevada , which holds its caucuses january ."
"wellington , new zealand cnn sir edmund hillary , the unassuming beekeeper who conquered mount everest to win renown as one of the th century s greatest adventurers , has died , new zealand prime minister helen clark announced friday ."
"the gangling new zealander devoted much of his life to aiding the mountain people of nepal and took his fame in stride , preferring to be called ed and considering himself just an ordinary beekeeper ."
"in reality , he was a colossus . he was an heroic figure who not only knocked off everest but lived a life of determination , humility , and generosity , clark said in a statement ."
"hillary s life was marked by grand achievements , high adventure , discovery , excitement and by his personal humility ."
humble to the point that he only admitted being the first man atop everest long after the death of climbing companion tenzing norgay .
he had pride in his feats .
"returning to base camp as the man who took the first step onto the top of the world s highest peak , he declared we knocked the bastard off ."
"the accomplishment as part of a british climbing expedition even added luster to the coronation of britain s queen elizabeth ii four days later , and she knighted hillary as one of her first act ."
"but he was more proud of his decades long campaign to set up schools and health clinics in nepal , the homeland of tenzing norgay , the mountain guide with whom he stood arm in arm on the summit of everest on may , ."
"in his book view from the summit , hillary finally broke his long public silence about whether it was he or norgay who was the first man to step atop everest ."
"next moment i had moved onto a flattish exposed area of snow with nothing by space in every direction , hillary wrote ."
to our immense satisfaction we realized with had reached the top of the world .
"before norgay s death in , hillary consistently refused to confirm he was first , saying he and the sherpa had climbed as a team to the top ."
"it was a measure of his personal modesty , and of his commitment to his colleagues ."
"without fanfare and without compensation , hillary spend decades pouring energy and resources from his own fund raising efforts into nepal through the himalayan trust he founded in ."
"it was on a visit to nepal that his first wife , louise , , and year old daughter belinda died in a light plane crash march , ."
"hillary remarried in , to june mulgrew , former wife of adventurer colleague and close friend peter mulgrew , who died in a passenger plane crash in the antarctic ."
he is survived by his wife and children peter and sarah .
"honored by the united nations as one of its global conservationists in , he was also awarded numerous honorary doctorates from universities in several parts of the world ."
"german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle feed a four week old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday ."
"the cub , which doesn t yet have a name , was being cared for at nuremberg city zoo , where it was resting under heat lamps and is drinking formula ."
"it s gaining weight , it s very hungry , it drinks a lot of milk , said alexandra foghammar , a spokeswoman for the city ."
the zoo announced thursday that the cub is female .
"wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals enclosure ."
"we were percent sure that the baby was going to die if we didn t take it away from her , nuremberg zoo director dag encke told time magazine . this would have been a death verdict for the cub ."
"the zoo confirmed earlier this week that its other female polar bear , vilma , had eaten her two offspring . the zoo said it feared vera would do the same , so it took her cub away as a precaution ."
"since then , the cub is thriving in the care of humans , but vera seems to miss her cub , foghammar said ."
"she walks around and is searching for the baby , but the responsible persons for the zoo say this is normal . it will continue for three or four days . it s a normal situation ."
new mexico gov . bill richardson dropped out of the race for the democratic presidential nomination thursday after fourth place showings in the campaign s first contests .
"our legislature starts next week , and i intend to put my full efforts behind our no . priority extending health insurance to every new mexican by the end of my term ."
"while praising each of the remaining contenders , he also urged them to swear off personal attacks against one another ."
"to do otherwise could result in another four to eight years of more of the same , and that would be the biggest tragedy of all , richardson said ."
"richardson , who served as united nations ambassador and energy secretary in the clinton administration , drew percent of the vote in tuesday s new hampshire primary ."
"he received percent in last week s iowa caucuses , far behind leading democrats hillary clinton , barack obama and john edwards ."
"as the latino governor of a swing state , richardson was interviewed as a possible running mate for massachusetts sen . john kerry in , but told reporters he remained committed to finishing his term as governor ."
he won a second term in .
"he said he raised about million during his yearlong campaign far short of the million plus claimed by clinton , the democratic winner in new hampshire ."
"despite overwhelming financial and political odds , i am proud of the campaign we waged , he said ."
"two hostages freed by colombian rebels have landed in the venezuelan capital , caracas , where dozens of their friends and family carrying flowers clapped and embraced them ."
"the pair are consuelo gonzalez , a colombian politician who had been in custody for more than years , and clara rojas , an aide to fellow hostage and former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt . the rebels have not agreed to release betancourt ."
she then embraced her daughter maria fernanda .
"it s the best day of my life , maria fernanda told a reporter afterward . this is a dream become reality ."
many of the relatives greeting rojas and gonzalez wore t shirts reading liberty for everyone ! a reference to the several hundred remaining hostages .
"after the tramac reunion , they were taken to the presidential palace , where chavez embraced them both repeatedly ."
"they were picked up by two red cross helicopters and flown to the venezuelan border town of santo domingo , where they strode about yards to a waiting jet , which took off a few minutes later for caracas ."
"both women thanked chavez in telephone conversations videotaped by the rescuers . you re helping us , president , return to life ."
the farc is a leftist insurgent force that has sought to overthrow the colombian government since the late s .
it holds about hostages in the jungles of colombia .
"last year , the group struck a deal with chavez to release three of them gonzalez , rojas and emanuel , rojas year old son by one of the rebels ."
david nalbandian is a major injury doubt for the australian open next week after injuring his back in practice and withdrawing from the kooyong classic warm up tournament .
"argentine star nalbandian ended the season by claiming the masters series events in madrid and paris , beating roger federer and rafael nadal in the process , and was tipped to be a major contender at melbourne park ."
"this best thing is to rest and get treatment . in two or three days , start hitting slowly again and see how it goes ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn best buy inc . s chief executive said tuesday that he is very nervous about being able to supply customers with the millions of digital tv converter boxes needed ahead of the shutdown of most analog tv transmissions in months ."
"i think it s one of the biggest risks our industry has , vice chairman and ceo brad anderson told an industry audience at the international consumer electronics show in las vegas ."
"full power television stations will turn off their analog signal on february , , after which they will broadcast in digital only ."
viewers who receive their signals through an antenna instead of cable or satellite and don t have a digital ready tv will have to buy a converter .
the nielsen co . estimates that . million households rely on over the air television broadcasts for programming .
"still others have sets that receive analog broadcasts as a complement to cable , satellite or digital sets in the same household ."
"the number of converter boxes that is going to be required could put tremendous pressure on us to solve all those problems in a short time , said anderson ."
"we re very nervous about the potential risk . once it gets turned off , it could be very interesting , he added ."
the airwaves to be vacated by the analog transmissions will be auctioned by the federal government to providers who will use them for wireless broadband services .
customers are likely to look to specialty electronics stores like circuit city and best buy for guidance ahead of the transition .
"from a category standpoint , i think it s great it s getting people to talk a lot about hd and what technology they have in their home , he said ."
but he acknowledged that a lot has to be done to prepare .
"the clock s ticking and this is coming very quickly , he said ."
the company plans to have converter boxes in stores by april .
"cnn a search is under way for a pregnant year old marine who has been missing from camp lejeune , north carolina , since december ."
"lance cpl . maria lauterbach could give birth at any time , onslow county sheriff ed brown told the jacksonville , north carolina , daily news on monday ."
"the sheriff s department said lauterbach s mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it ."
"sheriff s department officials said evidence causes them to be concerned about lauterbach s disappearance , witn reported ."
"the marine s car was found monday at jacksonville s bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune s front gate on december ."
"her mother reported her missing on december , and told the sheriff s department that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , the department said in a news release ."
investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach s bank account was made on december and said there was suspicious activity on the account days later .
"december was also the last time lauterbach s cell phone was used , authorities told the marine corps times ."
"the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman s mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days ."
"lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to combat logistics regiment , nd marine logistics group , ii marine expeditionary force , the marine corps said ."
"she joined the service on june , ."
but the novice screenwriter also has written a sweet movie that s shaping up as a surprise hit .
"juno , a sardonic comedy about a pregnant year old who becomes a cautionary whale for her classmates , has rolled out to more and more theaters , picking up rave reviews and oscar buzz along the way ."
"entertainment weekly recently ranked her th on a list of the smartest people in hollywood . it s insane , it really is ."
i really feel like i have adrenaline fatigue or something .
among the expected blockbusters national treasure and i am legend it finished a surprising third at the box office last weekend .
"colombo , sri lanka cnn the maldives government will discuss awarding a national honor to a year old boy scout who foiled an assassination attempt on the leader of their tiny nation by grabbing an attacker s knife , an official said wednesday ."
mohammed jaisham ibrahim instantly became a household name after a man jumped out of a crowd of well wishers and lunged at president maumoon abdul gayoom on tuesday .
the teenager suffered wounds to his hand in the scuffle .
"the cabinet will discuss it and it s a lengthy process , government spokesman mohammed shareef said by telephone from the capital , male ."
residents of the maldives have showered praise on the year old .
"jaisham our national hero saves the president , the midhu daily newspaper cheered in a headline ."
"after the attack , gayoom addressed the nation in a radio broadcast , thanking the teenager and calling for calm , according to the web site of the minivan newspaper ."
"we should not resort to violence even if we have differences between the parties , gayoom was quoted as saying ."
"a police web site identified the attacker as mohamed murshid , ."
"no motive was given , and other details were not disclosed ."
"apple inc . will scrap online pricing policies across europe for itunes music downloads and soon charge consumers in britain and the rest of europe the same amount , the company and the european union said wednesday ."
apple charges about cents more per song in britain compared with prices in nations that use the euro .
"eu competition commissioner neelie kroes welcomed the agreement , saying it would allow consumers to benefit from a truly single market for music downloads across the nation bloc ."
apple said it will lower prices for music on its british itunes site within six months to match prices charged at itunes stores across europe and reconsider ties with companies if they do not
"hundreds of kenyans fearing new political violence fled the country s west wednesday , but the president urged refugees not to abandon their homes and insisted he would hold onto power despite allegations he stole an election ."
diplomats worked to end a conflict that has killed more than people since the december presidential vote .
"kibaki made his first trip to a trouble spot , addressing more than , refugees in western kenya , many of whom had fled blazing homes , pursued by rock throwing mobs wielding machetes and bows and arrows ."
"nobody is going to be chased from where they live , kibaki said at a school transformed into a camp for the displaced in the corn farming community of burnt forest ."
those who have been inciting people and brought this mayhem will be brought to justice . he indicated he would not consider demands for a new election or vote recount .
"hundreds of kenyans fled the western town of kisumu , fearing more strife after kibaki named half of a new cabinet , a lineup packed with his allies ."
the cabinet members announced by kibaki included no portfolios for members of odinga s party .
"lakeland , florida cnn about cars crashed on a highway blanketed by fog and smoke from a brush fire in central florida on wednesday , and local officials said at least three people were killed ."
"a stretch of nearly miles of interstate between tampa and orlando was closed by several accidents , including the car pileup ."
"the conditions cleared in late morning , showing mangled , charred trucks and cars pinned underneath some tractor trailers ."
polk county sheriff grady judd did not say how many people were injured .
workers were still trying to rescue one man pinned beneath an overturned truck .
"one of the first accident victims was a sheriff s deputy , judd said ."
the deputy told judd that conditions on the road worsened suddenly .
"it was clear , it was a little foggy , then it was total darkness , judd recounted the deputy saying ."
"the sheriff said the deputy was shaken up , but helped move people to safety as vehicles continued to crash the sounds of metal grinding and gnashing in the darkness ."
the florida highway patrol is investigating the crash and the role of smoke from the fire that started as a controlled burn and grew out of control .
judd said he was exceptionally concerned about the decision to start a fire during dry conditions and days after a freeze likely added more tinder .
"miami , florida cnn a federal judge has rejected attempts to block former panamanian leader gen . manual noriega s extradition to france to face money laundering charges ."
wednesday s ruling from u . s . district court judge paul huck may at last clear the way for noriega s transfer from a u . s . prison cell to france .
but it s not expected to happen soon
"noriega s attorneys have said they would immediately appeal a negative ruling to a federal appeals court in atlanta , georgia ."
huck ruled he is satisfied france has provided assurances noriega will be treated as a prisoner of war in accordance with the geneva conventions even though he might not be specifically labeled a pow by france .
"noriega s attorney , frank rubino , said he disagrees with the judge ."
and we believe that the geneva convention clearly prohibits the extradition of a prisoner of war and requires immediate repatriation back to his own country .
"he told cnn he will appeal to the th circuit court of appeals , as expected , a process expected to take at least several months ."
noriega has had pow status while serving a drug racketeering sentence in the united states .
"that allowed him privileges not given to other prisoners , including a larger cell , better food and other special conditions ."
"the former dictator was captured january , , after holing up for days in the vatican embassy in panama city following the december , , u . s . invasion of panama ."
"he was convicted in of eight counts of drug smuggling and racketeering and sentenced to years in federal prison , later reduced to years ."
noriega was the first foreign head of state to be tried and convicted of a crime in the united states .
"he was due to be released last september in miami , florida , and petitioned the court to send him to panama , which has requested his return to face murder and corruption charges there ."
he has already been tried in absentia in panama .
"however , the united states has opted to give precedence to france s request that he be sent there to be tried on less serious charges of money laundering ."
he has already been tried in absentia in france .
his extradition to france would land him in a cell to begin serving a year sentence .
the year old former dictator is said to be in poor health and wants to serve any remaining time in panama .
noriega was not at wednesday s hearing .
"baghdad , iraq cnn six u . s . soldiers were killed wednesday in iraq when a bomb exploded in a booby trapped house while they were on patrol north of baghdad , the military announced ."
"four soldiers were also wounded in the attack and evacuated to a coalition forces hospital , multi national corps iraq said ."
the troops were taking part in operation iron harvest a new drive against islamic militants in northern iraq after a spate of attacks on local anti insurgent groups .
"the operation is part of a nationwide push against jihadists loyal to al qaeda in the provinces of diyala , salaheddin , nineveh , and tameem ."
"in addition , about , iraqis are taking part in anti insurgent groups known as concerned local citizens or awakening councils ."
"the groups will perform defensive security tasks during the operation , the u . s . military said ."
"the new push comes just short of a year since president bush ordered almost , additional troops to iraq to secure baghdad and its surrounding provinces ."
"al qaeda in iraq has been deeply rooted in muqdadiya , about miles north of baghdad , since about ."
wednesday s deaths occurred in an agricultural area on the north side of the diyala river from the city .
the u . s . military has conducted operations there in the past and has frequently come under fire .
"a study published wednesday in the new england journal of medicine estimates that , iraqis died of violent causes between march , when the war began , and june ."
"this is much lower than a national survey published in the lancet journal that put the number during the same period at more than , , but higher than the figures compiled from media reports by the iraq body count , which registered more than , deaths , the study said ."
"the world health organization provided technical assistance for the journal survey , and interviewers were employees of iraq s health ministry ."
"the study was paid for by the u . n . development group iraq trust fund , the who and the european commission ."
"the study , which also included a mental health survey , cost . million ."
"assessment of the death toll in conflict situations is extremely difficult and household survey results have to be interpreted with caution , said study co author mohamed ali , a who statistician quoted in a who news release about the study . however , in the absence of comprehensive death registration and hospital reporting , household surveys are the best we can do ."
"violence became a leading cause of death for iraqi adults and was the main cause of death in men between the ages of and years during the first three years after the invasion , the study said ."
"stolen paintings by pablo picasso and candido portinari returned home to applause wednesday , while police tried to find out who masterminded the robbery at a brazil museum ."
"the paintings , worth millions of dollars , were recovered tuesday when a suspect led police to a house on the outskirts of sao paulo , said chief police inspector mauricio lemos freire ."
museum employees and onlookers applauded when the paintings arrived .
"two suspects were in custody , and the estado de s . paulo newspaper reported they had been promised . million for the heist ."
freire and museum president julio neves said they would not comment on the newspaper reports .
"eventually , the museum will install security and surveillance equipment equivalent to that at the louvre in paris , neves said ."
james bond has two new bond girls .
"olga kurylenko and gemma arterton will co star in the latest installment of the franchise opposite daniel craig , columbia pictures has announced ."
"for craig s second appearance , kurylenko , a ukrainian model turned actress , will play the dangerously alluring camille , who challenges bond and helps him come to terms with the emotional consequences of vesper s betrayal , the studio says ."
"kurylenko s screen credits include hitman and paris , je t aime ."
arterton will portray mi agent fields .
"she appears in the upcoming rocknrolla , directed by guy ritchie ."
columbia spokesman steve elzer had no details tuesday on arterton s character .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn samina rajput speaks in hushed tones about her husband , asif , who was killed alongside former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto in the december attack that convulsed the nation ."
"he always used to say . . . i am ready to sacrifice my life for the party and my country , rajput says ."
"she clings to a weathered book with newspaper clippings of her husband , a year old bhutto supporter who had great political ambitions ."
"he wanted a brighter and freer pakistan , rajput says , as she turns the delicate pages of the scrapbook ."
"suicide bombings like the attack that killed bhutto and more than of her supporters , including asif , have intensified in recent months in pakistan ."
"nineteen suicide attacks including a failed attack on bhutto s life in october have killed close to people and wounded nearly , others in the last three months , according to government officials ."
"pro taliban militants with ties to al qaeda are carrying out the attacks , according to analysts and government officials ."
cnn terrorism analyst peter bergen says the number of suicide bombings in pakistan has reached unprecedented levels in the past year .
"the reason for this rise is because al qaeda and the pakistani taliban have morphed together ideologically and tactically , and both see themselves at war with the pakistani state , bergen says ."
"many of the suicide attacks have been aimed at pakistani politicians , officials and soldiers ."
"pakistani president pervez musharraf has vowed to fight militancy and religious extremism , going after taliban and al qaeda within the country ."
"pakistan s ambassador to the united states , mahmud ali durrani , recently told cnn that the pakistani military is totally focused on destroying al qaeda and the taliban network and not just one person ."
"still , the suicide bombers are succeeding , targeting political parties , rallies , military installations and anyone seen as a threat ."
"meanwhile , civilians are caught in the crossfire ."
shaun wright phillips pushed his england claims in front of new national coach fabio capello by inspiring man chelsea to a dramatic carling cup semifinal first leg home win over everton .
wright phillips struck the breakthrough goal for the holders after minutes when he steered a shot beyond goalkeeper tim howard and in off the far post .
yakubu ayegbeni had left chelsea fighting to hold onto their trophy when he fired a th minute equalizer nine minutes after the home club had mikel john obi red carded for a reckless challenge on phil neville .
instead it was chelsea who grabbed the glory on the night and wright phillips told sky sports
"the character , team spirit and everything we showed today when down to men everton are a hard team with good players ."
"it s easy to lose games , we had to stay compact and concentrate ."
"london , england cnn in many ways he s a typical war blogger"
william henry harry bonser lamin s descriptions of grueling battles compete with complaints about cramped quarters and apologies for his irregular updates .
but the postings from the twentysomething english laceworker are from the trenches of world war i nine decades ago .
"his letters are being posted now years to the day to the internet by lamin s grandson , bill ."
"and like harry s family at the time , readers don t know if his most recent update will be his last ."
"people are coming back to see if there s another letter , if he s survived , to see what he s doing , bill lamin , a year old schoolteacher , told the associated press from praa sands in cornwall , southwestern england . it captures people ."
lamin said he found the letters as he was clearing out his parents home several years ago .
"he said the response from readers , many of whom say they lost relatives in wwi , has been overwhelming ."
"the soldier s internet profile complete with a photo of him in uniform has drawn more than , hits ."
"i was not sure i could be bothered to transcribe all the letters but now i feel i have no choice , lamin said ."
"his grandfather served in the th battalion of york lancaster regiment , which was part of the rd army division ."
many of the entries are run of the mill
"complaints about uncomfortable barracks in england , comments on the hot weather in france and thanks to his family for packages and cigarettes ."
but other posts speak to the horror of a conflict that claimed millions of lives across europe .
"we have had another terrible time this week the men here say it was worst sic than the somme advance last july , harry wrote on june , , when his unit was engaged at the battle of messines ridge near ypres , belgium ."
"as of tuesday , no letters from harry lamin have been posted this year"
"the last two letters , containing christmas greetings , were dated december , ."
"people are saying they re rooting for harry , they want him to survive ."
"when i read the letters , i go back years"
"despite the revamped ceremony announced monday by the hollywood foreign press association , the screen actors guild said it was encouraging its members to skip the show in support of the two month walkout by the writers guild of america ."
"the wga informed us they will picket the event on sunday , the actors guild said in a statement ."
"later , as he made a presentation , clooney said , our hope is that all of the players involved will lock themselves in a room and not come out until they finish . we want this to be done ."
"nikki blonsky , also on the red carpet , said she was undecided about whether to attend the revised golden globes , where she is a nominee for hairspray ."
"the writers are the backbone of the business , so we don t want to lose them in any way , she said ."
"the press association president jorge camara said , we are all very disappointed that our traditional awards ceremony will not take place this year and that millions of viewers worldwide will be deprived of seeing many of their favorite stars celebrating s outstanding achievements in motion pictures and television ."
"cnn a teenager described as a boy scout saved maldivian president maumoon abdul gayoom from a knife attack tuesday , a presidential spokesman said ."
"the assailant aimed at the president from about feet away , but another young boy about years old maybe one feet away jumped to prevent him , spokesman mohamed shareef said ."
"the boy came in the way and grabbed the knife , shareef told the associated press . one brave boy saved the president s life ."
"the attacker s knife was wrapped in a national flag , shareef said . the knife touched the president s shirt but not his body , he said ."
"jaisham received a hand wound and was flown to the capital of male for treatment because he could not move some of his fingers , shareef told ap ."
"gayoom was unhurt , shareef said ."
"the president was visiting one of those islands , hoarafushi , to inaugurate an energy project , shareef said ."
"police arrested the attacker , he said ."
"senator hillary clinton claimed a come from behind victory in new hampshire s democratic primary late tuesday , edging out her senate colleague , barack obama , after placing third in the iowa caucuses ."
"flanked by her husband , former president bill clinton , and daughter chelsea , the new york senator told supporters she found her own voice in the five days since her third place showing in iowa , and promised them we are in it for the long run ."
"now let s give america the kind of comeback that new hampshire has just given me , she said ."
"solid support from registered democrats and women were crucial , results from exit polls suggest ."
"with percent of precincts reporting , cnn projected clinton the winner of the first in the nation primary with percent of the vote to obama s ."
but clinton was ahead of obama percent to percent among those who said they were registered democrats .
those voters made up a majority percent of all those respondents .
"clinton also claimed the majority of women s votes , according to the polling ."
"that s in contrast to last week s iowa caucuses , in which obama surprised observers by stealing the female vote from clinton ."
"if i had a single word , the word would be women , said cnn political analyst bill schneider . she got the women back ."
"meanwhile , u . s . senator john mccain won the new hampshire state primary in the race to become the republican party s presidential candidate ."
"despite new hampshire s comparatively small population , the state carries an importance disproportionate to that size as it is the first state to go to the polls rather than caucus in the presidential election race ."
"in exit polls , voters from both parties rated the economy their top issue and the war in iraq second but concerns about illegal immigration rated third among republicans , while democrats said health care was just behind iraq ."
"in his victory speech tuesday , mccain made joking reference to a similar speech by bill clinton , who coined the term comeback kid when he did well in new hampshire as a presidential hopeful ."
"i am past the age when i can claim the noun kid . . . but tonight we sure showed them what a comeback looks like , he said ."
"with percent of republican precincts reporting , mccain had percent of the vote ."
"former massachusetts governor mitt romney was second with percent , and former arkansas governor mike huckabee , the winner of last week s iowa gop caucuses followed with percent ."
"former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries ."
"madrid , spain cnn spain s main private abortion clinics began a five day strike tuesday to protest a crackdown on centers accused of carrying out illegal operations ."
spain allows abortion in the first weeks in cases of rape and within the first weeks if there is a risk of fetal deformation .
"it is also allowed at any time when a pregnant woman s physical or mental health is deemed as being in danger , with a doctor s certification ."
"just over , abortions were carried out in spain in ."
some clinics were accused of carrying out abortions using fake medical certificates .
the association of clinics accredited for the interruption of pregnancies said in a statement it was launching the strike to protest the raids .
"it s incomprehensible that while the option of abortion is provided for and recognized by the national health system and facilitated by accredited clinics , authorities allow the persecution of women and professionals involved , it said ."
the association said it had sought talks with regional and national authorities to resolve the matter in recent weeks but to no avail .
the organization said women who had appointments for abortions during the strike had either been tended to before the stoppage or were given new appointments .
"london , england cnn representatives of the parents of missing toddler madeleine mccann are in talks with a production firm about making a documentary following the ongoing search for their daughter , a spokesman said tuesday ."
"discussions are at a very early stage but the production would be an observational documentary , jim gallagher , a spokesman for the talent and entertainment agency img , told cnn ."
"gallagher said program maker darlow smithson owned by img had held a preliminary meeting with representatives of gerry and kate mccann , whose daughter went missing in may last year from the family s holiday apartment in portugal ."
the mccanns were named as official suspects in september by portuguese investigators .
"they deny any involvement in the disappearance , saying they believe madeleine may have been abducted by pedophiles and taken to north africa ."
"discussions are still at a very early stage and the issue of money has never been raised , gallagher said ."
img is the world s largest talent and entertainment agency .
"british production firm darlow smithson s previous credits include touching the void , an award winning drama documentary about the fight for survival of two british climbers lost on a mountain in the andes ."
the may disappearance of the british child made headlines around the world .
"her parents said she disappeared from their hotel room at a resort in praia da luz , portugal , while they dined in a nearby restaurant ."
"her parents embarked on a high profile campaign to highlight their daughter s plight , traveling throughout europe and africa ."
"despite a search stretching around the world and the support of celebrities like virgin chairman richard branson , author j . k . rowling , and soccer star david beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case ."
"in december , the mccanns released a christmas appeal for people who know what happened to come forward ."
"european shops saw trading crash in november , the eu statistics agency said tuesday , adding to signs that the economy may be slowing ."
"retail trade in the nations that share the euro shrunk . percent from a year ago the biggest annual drop since records began in and . percent from october , the eu statistics agency eurostat said tuesday ."
"the shopping slowdown comes as year on year inflation over the last two months runs at its highest level since euro cash was introduced in , with people paying more for energy and food holding back the domestic demand that could lift the economy ."
it needs instead to encourage banks to keep lending in the wake of a financial market crisis that made them fearful of taking on new risks .
"the full impact of the credit crisis on europe s economic growth is still uncertain , but tighter borrowing conditions could hit hard by making it tougher for companies to get a loan and homebuyers from securing a mortgage ."
"we are certainly aware of the fact that will be one of the more difficult years for the eu , slovenian prime minister janez jansa whose country holds the eu s six month rotating presidency told reporters at a news conference at brdo pri kranju in slovenia ."
"it would be unrealistic of us not to expect certain problems because of the issues that we have witnessed in the financial markets , because of rising price of oil and food and the impact of these price increases , he said ."
"but he said strong growth over the past two years and the creation of millions of new jobs provided a new momentum , a new basis for further growth ."
"paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that his relationship with former supermodel carla bruni is a serious matter , but he would not reveal a date for their wedding ."
"referring to his relationship with bruni , sarkozy said , it s a serious matter , but the date won t be fixed today . it is serious . you will find out when it happens ."
sarkozy spoke at a news conference two days after a french newspaper reported the couple planned to marry in february .
"of marriage to bruni , sarkozy revealed , i ve thought a lot about this ."
speculation about the french leader and bruni has been rife ever since the two were photographed together during a day trip to disneyland paris last month .
the two toured jordan over the weekend and spent the christmas holiday together in egypt .
"sarkozy divorced his wife of years , cecilia , in october . the couple had been dogged by persistent rumors of infidelities on both sides and said the divorce was by mutual consent ."
"the divorce , sarkozy said , wasn t the happiest period of my life ."
"the president laughed at being asked about his relationship at all , noting the french media rarely touched on the private lives of his predecessors , while his love life is front page news ."
"with carla , we decided not to lie , sarkozy said ."
we didn t want to hide .
"the french weekly paper le journal du dimanche reported sunday , quoting unnamed sources , that sarkozy plans to wed bruni on feb . or and has already given her a heart shaped diamond engagement ring ."
"a sierra leone clergyman brought the horrors of his country s civil war to a courtroom tuesday , becoming the first survivor of the carnage to testify at the war crimes trial of former liberian president charles taylor ."
"alex tamba teh , a soft spoken pastor and teacher , recounted watching young boys methodically hack off the hands and feet of another teenager , hearing the terrorized screams of women being raped , stepping over corpses too many to count and being forced to help unload weapons for sierra leone rebels from a liberian helicopter ."
"prosecutors accuse taylor , , of orchestrating the atrocities in sierra leone from his presidential palace in liberia s capital , monrovia ."
taylor has pleaded not guilty to all charges .
"tamba teh , , provided only tenuous links between taylor and the rebels he is accused of supporting , particularly the revolutionary united front ."
but his testimony was a riveting account that brought home the brutality of the civil war and gave a voice to the tens of thousands of victims who suffered through the year conflict .
tamba teh said he was among about civilians captured by rebels in april in the diamond mining district of kono .
"the men were separated from the women and children , and taken to a shelter near a mosque , where a rebel commander known as rocky told the pastor to pray for his fellow captives before mowing them down with a machine gun ."
rocky later told another commander called rambo that he had killed men .
"a group of child soldiers known as a small boys unit beheaded the corpses with machetes and cutlasses , tamba teh said ."
"london , england cnn bilawal bhutto zardari , the son of the assassinated pakistani leader benazir bhutto , said tuesday that he fully intended to take on a political role in his homeland but only after he has completed his studies at oxford university ."
"the year old gave his first full news conference since taking on the role of party chairman of the pakistan people s party ppp , the party his mother led until her death two weeks ago ."
zardari said he was asked to take on the role because the party felt it was important to keep a link with his mother through the bloodline .
"he paid tribute to his courageous mother . we have lost our best hope but not our only hope , he said ."
he said his mother s death had made him more resilient .
zardari will take no part in upcoming elections which will be contested by his father and bhutto s widower asif ali zardari .
"before a packed audience , the young student looked composed but admitted he was nervous as he asked members of the press to respect his privacy during his upcoming studies ."
zardari is studying history at christ church college and has three more years of his course to run .
"asked if he was afraid for his own safety in the wake of his mother s assassination , he said i fear for my privacy ."
he said the best solution to tackling extremism was to end what he called the dictatorship rule of incumbent pakistani leader pervez musharraf .
zardari said dictatorship feeds extremism and went on to accuse the united states of supporting dictators .
"zardari , who has lived most of his life in dubai and britain following his mother s exile from pakistan , denied suggestions that he would not be able relate to the pakistani people ."
"he is the third generation of his family to assume a leading role in the ppp the party was set up by his grandfather zulfiqar ali bhutto , pakistan s first elected prime minister ."
"asked if he felt it was inconsistent with democracy to continue a dynasty , he said it was up to the pakistani voters to decide ."
zardari made his first public appearance before the world only three days after his mother s death when he was announced as the new chair of the pakistan s people s party .
during that appearance he spoke only briefly raising his voice as he invoked the words of his mother .
"my mother always said democracy is the best revenge , he said ."
"decani , serbia cnn pristina , kosovo s gritty capital , is the most logical starting point , if only because austrian airlines and a handful of other carriers fly daily there from vienna and a few other european cities ."
don t be put off by pristina s drab communist era apartment blocks and muddy trash strewn streets .
"the city is working hard to clean up its act , and tucked among the tenements are some of southeastern europe s most lively cafes and bars ."
"demographically , it s much like dublin a youthful city where half the population is under age ."
"the best of kosovo is just a two hour drive to the west , where the settlement of pec known to albanians as peja"
"and yes , where the beer is brewed rises from the forested foothills of the craggy range that forms the border with montenegro ."
"or roughly the same journey to the south , where the picturesque city of prizren offers a glimpse of remarkably unspoiled and intact turkish baths and other ottoman empire architecture ."
"in prizren , wander the banks of the river bistrica , which winds through the town , and haggle with the merchants selling hand crafted silver jewelry and embroidered cloth ."
"indulge in a cappuccino the kosovar version is especially decadent , topped with a thick dollop of cream and chocolate syrup ."
climb the hill and take in the panoramic views from prizren s th century kalaja fortress .
"back down in town , check out the mehmet pasha mosque , built in , and its hexagonal mausoleum and the larger sinan pasha mosque with its baroque paintings and ornaments ."
"although kosovo is unquestionably albanian , arguably its greatest treasures are its serbian orthodox churches and monasteries ."
"the elegant exterior of the church , built with sumptuous slabs of pale yellow onyx and light violet breccia marble , is a marvelous combination of gothic , byzantine and romanesque features ."
"equally lovely is the courtyard , where the scraggly bearded serb monks offered safe haven to albanian refugees during the war ."
"decani , serbia cnn the visoki decani monastery is nestled in a stunning canyon ringed by rugged mountains , but it s not the altitude that takes your breath away ."
"step inside the th century serbian orthodox abbey , inhale the fragrant myrrh that perfumes the frescoed interior , and suddenly you re transported through the ages to a bygone era of monks , marauders and martyrs ."
"it s a rare balkan oasis a place of unspeakable beauty , sanctity and solitude ."
"decani is among the delights that await in kosovo , the breakaway southern serbian province that seems destined to become europe s newest country ."
"kosovo is an intriguing place and full of paradoxes and surprises for any first time visitor , says verena knaus , co author with gail warrander of the newly released bradt guide to kosovo ."
"but for the adventurous seeking a glimpse of a region still colored by the medieval collision of slavs and ottoman turks , and spiced by islam and the mysteries of eastern orthodoxy , kosovo is deliciously uncharted territory ."
"that s a fair enough question to ask about a place where a war between ethnic albanian insurgents and serbian troops killed , people , and where ethnic strife still occasionally erupts ."
"about , nato peacekeepers patrol the province , which is roughly the size of belgium or connecticut , and visitors can count on plenty of warm balkans hospitality ."
"voting is under way in the new hampshire primary , a key early contest in the u . s . presidential race , where republican and democratic campaigners are vying for support in their bids to be chosen as their party s presidential candidate . ballots ran low in some polling stations six hours before the last polling stations close at p . m . , indicating a larger than expected turnout , representatives of new hampshire s secretary of state said ."
"despite its comparatively small population , new hampshire has traditionally carried an importance disproportionate to its size due to its status as the first state to go to the polls in the u . s . primary calendar ."
"on the democratic side , barack obama is aiming to press home his advantage over main rival hillary clinton following his success in last week s iowa caucus ."
"john edwards , bill richardson , dennis kucinich and mike gravel are also competing for the democratic nomination ."
"i m never a frontrunner i m always the underdog , obama said tuesday as he tried to persuade undecided voters ."
"among the republicans , john mccain and mitt romney appear to be the frontrunners , with both seeking a morale boosting victory after rival mike huckabee claimed victory in iowa ."
"fred thompson , ron paul and duncan hunter also remain in the republican race ."
"we are going to prove that you can t buy an election in the state of new hampshire and we are also going to prove that negative attack ads don t work either , mccain said monday in a jab at romney , his main rival according to state opinion polls ."
"former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries ."
"a strong performance in new hampshire can give a candidate valuable momentum , enabling them to rally supporters and raise extra campaign funds going forward to the crucial super tuesday primaries on february when voters in states will participate in primary elections ."
"washington cnn as president bush prepared tuesday to head to israel and the west bank for the first time as commander in chief , he called a confrontation between u . s . navy warships and iranian boats in the strait of hormuz a provocative act ."
the incident happened sunday in the narrow shipping channel that leads in and out of the persian gulf .
"it s a dangerous situation , and they should not have done it , pure and simple , bush said during a news conference in the white house rose garden . i don t know what their thinking was ."
"the u . s . ships received a threatening radio transmission indicating the boats were closing in on them and the u . s . ships would explode , said vice adm . kevin cosgriff , commander of the bahrain based u . s . th fleet ."
bush now turns his attention to a mission aimed at spurring the fragile mideast peace process .
"speaking to reporters , bush said he hopes to get israelis and palestinians to agree on clear definitions of a future independent palestinian state ."
"they need to have a vision that competes with the terrorists and the killers who murder the innocent people to stop the advance of democracy , bush said ."
the president said he also intends to work with arab friends and allies on this very issue and remind them of the strategy and obligations they have to help this vision become a reality .
security is tight ahead of bush s scheduled arrival on wednesday .
"so much so that large parts of jerusalem and much of the west bank , including ramallah , will be , in effect , shut down ."
"to minimize his exposure , bush will do most of his traveling by helicopter , but some stops on in his itinerary , particularly in the west bank , are reachable only by car and on foot ."
"that , security analysts say , will be the most dangerous time for the president ."
"during his tour of the west bank , the palestinian authority will aid u . s . security teams in protecting the president ."
"on friday , bush is scheduled to depart jerusalem for kuwait ."
"he will then head to bahrain , the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and egypt ."
he returns to washington next wednesday .
roger federer has a severe stomach virus and has pulled out of an exhibition tournament less than a week away from the australian open .
federer told officials at the kooyong classic on monday that he became ill after arriving in australia last friday from his training base in dubai .
the doctors have advised me that i should take a couple of days off and recuperate so that i am able to be percent for the start of the australian open .
"federer , aiming for his third straight australian open title , hopes to resume training by wednesday or thursday ."
tournament officials also said that germany s tommy haas has withdrawn .
"haas said he still hopes to be ready for the australian open , which begins jan . ."
"russia s nikolay davydenko has been picked as one replacement player at kooyong , with another to be named later ."
britney spears hospitalization and concerns over whether the continuing hollywood writers strike would keep next week s golden globes ceremony off the air dominated red carpet chatter at the palm springs international film festival gala .
"it s always sad when a program may have to be canceled , john travolta , who was honored with an ensemble performance award , told ap television ."
"many globe nominees were in palm springs collecting statuettes from the film festival , including daniel day lewis desert palm achievement award , ellen page chairman s vanguard award and travolta s hairspray co star nikki blonsky rising star award ."
blonsky said she was hoping and preparing for a last minute resolution that would permit actors to attend the globes .
"a girl s gotta cover her back and have a dress , just in case , she said ."
the fate of britney spears was the other red hot topic on the palm springs red carpet .
"gary zerola s dark , brooding looks and his work on behalf of foster children helped earn him a spot on people magazine s list of america s most eligible bachelors and a tryout for the tv reality show the bachelor ."
"but authorities now say zerola had another , darker sideline as a rapist who preys on young women ."
"he also faces charges in florida , where authorities say he force fed drugs to an year old woman , then raped her in a miami beach hotel in october while free on bail in the massachusetts assaults ."
"prosecutors say zerola met all three women in bars , charmed them , then attacked them when they refused to have sex ."
"in the case , he allegedly took the woman shopping at neiman marcus , where he bought her a dress and shoes before trying to rape her in his boston apartment ."
the gary zerola described by prosecutors is far different from the man friends say dedicated himself to helping children .
"the youngest of seven children , zerola was placed in foster care at age after his parents split up and his mother became ill ."
most asian markets fell on monday amid worries about a recession in the u . s . after figures last week showed weaker than expected job growth .
"japan s benchmark index fell to its lowest in nearly a year and a half , while hong kong s stock market sank . percent and taiwan s key index tumbled . percent ."
stocks in china and india bucked the regional trend to climb higher .
"it fanned concerns about a slowdown in the united states , a vital export market for asian companies ."
"japan s benchmark nikkei index lost . points , or . percent , to , . points , its lowest since july , ."
"that follows a percent plunge on friday , the first day of trading in in tokyo ."
"the hang seng index may drop to , to , points this week ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn once celebrated for cameras that made their own prints , polaroid corp . plans to update the concept this year by selling a portable printer for images on cell phones and digital cameras ."
"and like those old polaroid instant film cameras , the new printers should have a wow factor"
"the ounce printers , a bit bigger than a deck of cards , are due to go on sale around back to school time for about , polaroid and zink announced monday at the international consumer electronics show ."
"once connected to a phone or camera by bluetooth wireless or the usb port , the printers need less than a minute to churn out inch by inch pictures , which can be peeled off a backing and used as stickers ."
"the zink technology , which uses heat to activate minuscule dye crystals embedded in the photo paper , won raves at the influential demo conference a year ago ."
"but until the ces announcement , zink had not lined up any partners who would bring its technology to market ."
"polaroid is a natural fit , and not just because of its photo printing history ."
zink was founded in by private investors who bought many technologies from polaroid as it was coming out of bankruptcy .
"now zink and polaroid are based in the same complex in waltham , massachusetts ."
zink also announced that tomy co . would be its partner in japan .
prices and availability dates were not disclosed .
the georgian electoral commission has yet to declare an official result .
"we really proved that democracy can work and freedom can prevail , saakashvili , the hero of georgia s rose revolution in , told cnn in an interview monday ."
"saakashvili resigned as president in november , leaving speaker of the parliament nino burjanadze to temporarily fill the post ."
"saakashvili claimed . percent of the vote , while opposition leader levan gachechiladze had percent , central elections commission chairman levan tarkhnishvili said ."
"a few precincts and some votes from abroad remained to be counted , but the outstanding votes are not enough to change the outcome , tarkhnishvili added ."
"by surpassing the percent mark , saakashvili avoided a second round runoff with gachechiladze ."
"the presidential vote called after saakashvili was criticized for a crackdown against violent anti government protests in november won the backing of international observers , who said it was , in essence , consistent with most international standards ."
"this view was not shared by the russian government , which claimed the vote was marked by numerous offenses against election legislation on the part of the authorities ."
"tehran , iran cnn the heaviest snowfall in more than a decade has left at least people dead in iran some buried under avalanches , some frozen to death and others killed in traffic accidents , state media reported monday ."
"the storm forced schools and government offices to close , blocking major roads and leading to the cancellation of all domestic and international flights ."
"as much as inches of snow has fallen in areas of northern and central iran since saturday , said meteorologist ali abedini ."
"at least people have been killed and others injured . . . as a result of heavy snow , state run radio reported ."
"some died of the severe cold , some were buried under avalanches and others died after their cars overturned on snow covered roads ."
"the cold weather has caused problems for residents in western iran , with about a dozen towns suffering from gas cuts due to a surge in demand and a cut in gas exports from turkmenistan ."
government officials have urged citizens to reduce their notoriously high consumption of gas to ensure there are no further cuts or shortages .
authorities have also urged iranians to cancel unnecessary travel and warned that the snowfall would continue in the coming days .
two of the front runners in new hampshire are trying a very different strategy than president bush used to win .
"while bush said he wanted to be a uniter , not a divider , he employed a very partisan strategy masterminded by karl rove that entailed motivating the republican faithful to support him at the polls and attacking the democrats ."
"sen . barack obama , the democratic front runner after his impressive win in iowa last week , and sen . john mccain , who is neck and neck with mitt romney in the republican race in new hampshire , are trying something different ."
they are portraying themselves as uniters with messages meant to appeal not only to the party faithful but independent voters as well as members of the opposition party .
obama and mccain regularly make appeals to independent voters while on the campaign trail .
"at this defining moment in our history . . . we have the chance to pull democrats and republicans and independents together and stand up once and for all and say we are one nation , we are one people and our time for change has come , obama told a boisterous crowd in concord , new hampshire last friday , fresh from his win in iowa ."
"reaching out to independent voters is critical to any candidate if he or she wants to come out on top in the granite state , st . anselm political professor paul manuel told cnn ."
both obama and mccain are viewed favorably by the electorate .
"moreover , a majority of the opposition party holds favorable opinions of obama and mccain ."
"nearly half , percent , of republican primary voters in new hampshire have a favorable opinion of obama , while percent of new hampshire democratic voters view mccain favorably ."
voters view mccain s and obama s main rivals for their respective parties nominations republican mitt romney and democrat sen . hillary clinton very differently .
only percent of republicans view clinton favorably and percent of democrats have a positive view of romney .
the poll s margin of error is plus or minus percentage points .
"lying in a hospital bed in this rural hub of kenya s rift valley , a man describes surviving two machete wounds to his head and multiple slashes to his hands ."
"nearby , another machete attack survivor , john machana , said he thought he was a dead man when he was attacked ."
both men are among the hundreds of thousands of kenyans victimized by a weeklong spate of violence that has left nearly people dead after the nation s disputed presidential election .
witnesses and victims have said in some regions gangs of men are terrorizing people with machetes .
"the kenyan red cross says it is trying to meet the needs of more than a half million affected kenyans , including more than , people who have been driven from their homes ."
officials in molo say the victims just keep coming by the hundreds .
pastor george keliuki presides over the baptist church in molo .
thousands have taken refuge in the church s back yard .
"ottawa , ohio cnn a british citizen who spent two decades on ohio s death row was released from jail monday after pleading no contest to three charges related to a fire that killed a year old girl ."
"ken richey , who once came within an hour of being executed , walked free for the first time since he was convicted of setting an apartment fire that killed the toddler in ."
prosecutors approved the deal after an appeals court overturned richey s conviction and death sentence last year .
"the deal let richey , a u . s . british citizen , go home to scotland without admitting that he had anything to do with the fire ."
"richey pleaded no contest to attempted involuntary manslaughter , child endangering ."
"as part of the deal , richey , , agreed to exit the country within a day , and plans to leave for scotland on tuesday ."
"prosecutors told him they were worried about threats against richey , his family and attorney said ."
"he ll be free , though , to return to the united states , because he s a citizen ."
richey had been set to get out three weeks ago until a trip to the hospital for chest pains delayed his release .
he s been in a county jail in ottawa since then .
"richey s case has generated limited interest in ohio , but his name is a familiar one in britain where there is no death penalty ."
he drew support from members of the british parliament and the late pope john paul ii .
"richey plans to spend his first night of freedom playing video games and watching movies superman iii , harry potter and the order of the phoenix , and transformers said his brother , steve ."
he ll leave for scotland on tuesday and stay with his mother in edinburgh .
"he s said he might live on a farm , travel around scotland , or maybe open his own nightclub ."
he also wants to write a book and speak out against the death penalty .
"five iranian revolutionary guard boats harassed and provoked three u . s . navy ships early sunday in international waters , the u . s . military said monday , calling the encounter a significant confrontation ."
"an iranian official , however , said it was not a serious incident , the state run news agency irna reported ."
"u . s . military officials said the incident occurred early sunday morning in the strait of hormuz , a narrow shipping channel leading in and out of the persian gulf ."
"they said that as the guided missile destroyer uss hopper , the guided missile cruiser uss port royal and the guided missile frigate uss ingraham were entering the persian gulf , five iranian boats approached them at high speed and swarmed them ."
"the iranian boats made threatening moves toward the u . s . ships and in one case came within yards of one of them , the u . s . officials said ."
the u . s . navy also received a radio transmission that officials believe came from the iranian boats .
"when the u . s . ships heard that radio transmission , they took up their gun positions and officers were in the process of giving the order to fire when the iranians abruptly turned away , the u . s . officials said ."
"after the radio transmission , one of the iranian boats dropped white boxes into the water in front of the u . s . ships , the officials said ."
"it was not clear what was in the boxes , the officials said ."
a pentagon spokesman characterized the incident as perplexing and cause for real concern .
"such actions are dangerous and could have quickly escalated into something much worse , said geoff morrell , pentagon press secretary ."
"molo , kenya cnn kibaki on saturday appeared to offer a way out of the stalemate with the opposition over the disputed elections , announcing he was ready to form a government of national unity ."
opposition leader raila odinga said he and his orange democratic movement were ready to negotiate with the president without preconditions .
odinga s party had earlier insisted kibaki must resign before talks could take place .
u . s . envoy jendayi frazer on monday said she was able to get kibaki and odinga to agree to talk under the mediation of the african union s chairman by relaying the concerns of the kenyan people .
"ghanaian president john kufuor , the au chairman , is expected to arrive in kenya tuesday evening to mediate the talks between the two , frazer said , which has led odinga s party to cancel a planned rally earlier that day ."
world number two rafael nadal was routed by fourth seeded mikhail youzhny in the final of the chennai open in a quickfire minutes on sunday .
the error prone nadal saw his hopes of launching the year with a title vanish as the russian hit winners from the baseline and executed deft drops .
"rafa was not rafa , youzhny said ."
nadal was clearly feeling the after effects of his grueling semifinal victory over third seeded compatriot carlos moya .
their three hours minutes battle nadal saved four match points was the longest three set match on the atp tour in years .
"maybe i was a bit tired after the long semifinal , but i lost the final because mikhail played very well , nadal said ."
"madison , wisconsin cnn dozens of cars were involved sunday in pileups that killed at least two people on a foggy stretch of highway ."
"the wisconsin state patrol shut down interstate east of madison in both directions , causing a traffic backup of about five miles , according to a wisconsin state patrol dispatcher who declined to give her name ."
one person was killed .
a second person was killed in that pileup .
"at least three dozen vehicles were involved in the two pileups , steeber said ."
"thirty five people were taken to madison hospitals , three with life threatening injuries , she said ."
"two people were discharged from meriter park hospital after treatment for minor injuries , spokeswoman mae knowles said ."
"lauderhill , florida cnn a year old boy beat a toddler to death with a baseball bat because she was crying while he was trying to watch tv , authorities said ."
"the boy , who was not identified , was arrested saturday on first degree murder charges , lauderhill police spokesman lt . mike cochran said ."
"he was arraigned in juvenile court sunday and remained in custody , but it was not clear if he had an attorney or if anyone else would be charged in the girl s death ."
cochran said the boy confessed to authorities that he was home alone friday baby sitting a year old girl and the month old girl and became angry when the toddler began to cry .
the relationship between the three was not clear .
"the girl , shaloh joseph , was rushed to a hospital where she was pronounced dead of blunt force trauma to the head , cochran said ."
the miami herald identified the boy s mother as guerla joseph .
"the latest new tvs , mp players , computers and pretty much any other shiny and expensive gadget you can think of will be on display next week in las vegas , nevada , long before they make their way to your local big box electronic store ."
"organizers of the international consumer electronic show say more than , new products will be on display ."
"the show is huge , with about , exhibitors crowded into the . million square foot exhibit space ."
"about , people mostly tech insiders , journalists and bloggers are expected to attend the show ."
"it s not open the public , so cnn talked to a handful of tech bloggers , who will be covering the event ."
"dan tower , men s gift editor there s going to be so much sizzle at ces about the latest greatest and hi def and wireless and home theater and stuff that at a personal level i will enjoy seeing , but as a matter of practicality , in terms of a gift , some of these things really don t hit the mark . so i really want to see products that you could probably see under the tree in or that you could get for fathers day ."
"in terms of trends , videogaming is absolutely out of hand and i think the wii has captured everyone s heart and imagination . not that everyone can get one at this point ."
"i think every kid out there probably had the wii on his list for the holidays and they didn t need gifts . com to tell them that , but where we come in is in suggesting a really cool accessory that the kid s going to lose his mind over ."
"rawalpindi , pakistan cnn former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto s assassination was her own fault , the country s president , pervez musharraf , said in an interview that aired sunday on u . s . television ."
"for standing up outside the car , i think it was she to blame alone nobody else . responsibility is hers , the former general told cbs minutes ."
"bhutto was killed december in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital islamabad , while she was standing in an armored moving car after rallying supporters for now postponed parliamentary elections ."
the cause of her death is not clear though no autopsy has been carried out .
"meanwhile , detectives from britain s scotland yard on sunday once again examined the white land cruiser that bhutto was riding in when she was assassinated , pakistan s state run news agency said ."
the team of five detectives arrived in pakistan friday after musharraf agreed they should work alongside pakistani agencies to determine how bhutto was killed and who was responsible for her death .
"on saturday , the team spent more than two hours at the park ."
musharraf said he expected the scotland yard investigators to help solve all the confusion surrounding the case .
"bhutto s husband , asif ali zardari , wants a united nations inquiry into his late wife s assassination ."
the pakistan interior ministry say the former leader died when she hit her head on the lever of her car s sunroof after ducking for cover after a suicide bomb attack on her convoy .
"television s dr . phil mcgraw said britney spears was released from a hospital saturday but still needs psychological help , the syndicated programs entertainment tonight and the insider reported in a press release ."
"my meeting with britney and some family members this morning in her room at cedars leaves me convinced more than ever that she is in dire need of both medical and psychological intervention , mcgraw told the programs ."
the incident at spears home lasted several hours .
a los angeles police spokeswoman said friday that officers at the scene determined that paramedics needed to be called but it was unclear why .
"at an emergency hearing friday , a court commissioner suspended spears right to visit sons sean preston , , and jayden james , ."
"tehran , iran cnn iran has expelled a german diplomat for undiplomatic behavior , the foreign ministry said sunday ."
the expulsion comes after a media report claiming that germany expelled an iranian consular attache last july after he apparently attempted to acquire equipment that could be used for uranium enrichment .
"on sunday , a german foreign ministry spokeswoman said she could only confirm that a german diplomat has left iran ."
the german weekly der spiegel reported last month that an iranian consular attache had been expelled last july .
"germany is among the countries negotiating with iran over its nuclear program , which the u . s . and others fear intends to build atomic weapons ."
iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful .
the relationship between germany and iran has been strained at times since iran s revolution .
"al qaeda video messages of osama bin laden and ayman al zawahri can now be downloaded to cell phones , the terror network announced as part of its attempts to extend its influence ."
"as of saturday , eight previously recorded videos were made available including a recent tribute to abu musab al zarqawi , the former al qaeda in iraq leader killed by u . s . forces in iraq in june ."
"the elite jihadi media group presents the first batch of al sahab videos to be downloaded to cell phones , the announcement said ."
"he said the group has been releasing them for years , but that between september and december , a few video messages did not come with versions for cell phones . they might just be filling"
"in some of the gaps , or just trying to release some that had come out before , venzke said in an e mail to the associated press ."
videos playable on cell phones are increasingly popular in the middle east .
the files are transferred from phone to phone using bluetooth or infrared wireless technology .
"warner had been the largest media company releasing videos in both formats , until now steering clear of a struggle that , reminiscent of the vhs vs . beta fight in the early s , has left many consumers confused and waiting to see which technology will emerge as the industry standard ."
"warner brothers move to exclusively release in the blu ray disc format is a strategic decision focused on the long term and the most direct way to give consumers what they want , barry meyer , chairman and ceo of warner brothers , said in a written statement ."
the window of opportunity for high definition dvd could be missed if format confusion continues to linger .
warner home video will continue releasing high definition videos in the hd dvd format until the end of may .
"currently , sony pictures , th century fox and disney release their high definition videos exclusively for blu ray , which is owned by sony ."
paramount and universal pictures release for hd dvd which is backed by toshiba and microsoft .
"paris , france cnn a french newspaper said sunday that recently divorced french president nicolas sarkozy may marry former supermodel turned singer carla bruni , his new girlfriend , next month ."
"under the headline marriage imminent , the weekly le journal du dimanche said the two would marry feb . or ."
"the report said sarkozy gave a heart shaped , pink diamond ring to bruni as a sign of their engagement in december , less than a month after they met ."
the pair has been photographed repeatedly in public in recent weeks
"the minute tape titled an invitation to reflection and repentance was released by as sahab , al qaeda s video production wing ."
"in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the attack on the world trade center"
"gadahn displays his passport to the camera , rips it in half and says , don t get too excited i don t need it to travel anyway ."
"the video also refers to the annapolis conference , indicating it was produced after last november , when the conference was held ."
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said the u . s . president would not be deterred .
"his comments are indicative of an al qaeda ideology that offers nothing but death and violence , johndroe told cnn in a written statement ."
"the self proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi s most wanted list , with a reward of up to million for information leading to his capture ."
"gadahn was indicted in on charges of treason and offering material support for terrorism , the first american charged with treason since world war ii ."
"both the president of kenya and the leader of the country s main opposition party are willing to meet with the african union to find a solution to their political stalemate one that stemmed from a disputed election and led to the deaths of hundreds in a week long ethnic cleansing spree , a senior u . s . official told cnn ."
"ghanaian president john kufuor , who chairs the african union , is expected to arrive in kenya in the next several days to mediate between the two leaders , the official said ."
kenyan president mwai kibaki had said saturday he was ready to consider a government of national unity .
"the official appeared to pour cold water on the calls for new elections , telling cnn the three to six months timeline that odinga is proposing is impractical ."
"the official did not directly respond to whether the united states applied strong pressure on both sides , saying only that both sides value our relationship and see the u . s . as a neutral player ."
"america is also pushing to get the ban on live broadcasts lifted , the official said . the country plunged into a news blackout after the government suspended all broadcasts as violence engulfed the capital following the re election of incumbent president kibaki in the controversial election on december ."
"two days before new hampshire s democratic primary , sen . barack obama has opened a double digit lead over sen . hillary clinton in that state , a new cnn wmur poll found sunday ."
"support for former sen . john edwards , who edged out clinton for second place in iowa , dropped from percent in saturday s poll to percent ."
"the poll , conducted by the university of new hampshire , surveyed likely democrats and republicans likely to vote in tuesday s primary ."
it had a sampling error of percentage points .
"but in saturday s poll , clinton and obama were tied on that measure , and now obama has a percent to percent edge over clinton on electability ."
and cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said the poll strongly suggests an obama surge in new hampshire .
"new mexico gov . bill richardson ranked fourth among the democratic contenders with percent , while ohio rep . dennis kucinich trailed at percent ."
former alaska sen . mike gravel had less than one half of percent support .
"the big difference was in third place , where huckabee whose upset win in iowa came after being outspent by millions of dollars by romney passed former new york mayor rudy giuliani s ."
"in saturday s poll , giuliani had percent and huckabee had percent those numbers were reversed on sunday ."
"near complete returns from georgia s presidential election show pro western president mikheil saakashvili winning a majority of the vote , the head of the former soviet republic s electoral commission said sunday ."
"but the outstanding votes are not enough to change the outcome , central elections commission chairman levan tarkhnishvili said ."
"saakashvili claimed . percent of the vote , while opposition leader levan gachechiladze had percent , tarkhnishvili said ."
"saakashvili , the hero of georgia s rose revolution in , was elected in a landslide four years ago ."
georgia is a former soviet republic on the black sea .
"observers with the organization for security and cooperation in europe said the vote had been the first genuinely competitive presidential election in the country , enabling the georgian people to express their political choice ."
"in a statement released sunday , the group said georgia s election commission had carried out an extensive voter education campaign in a short timeframe and operated transparently . overall polling had been organized and relatively peaceful , it added ."
"but it acknowledged some cases of voter intimidation and some technical flaws such as a slow counting process and admitted that in some cases the commission s members had acted in a partisan manner , not always observing the neutrality required of an election administration ."
two other groups of international observers released signed statements that the voting was free and fair .
"more than , election observers and media organizations from around the world had converged on georgia ."
"just four years ago , saakashvili won with percent of the vote an election that came just two months after he led his own anti government protest that came to be known as the rose revolution ."
"bogota , colombia cnn preliminary dna tests indicate a year old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels , colombian officials announced friday ."
"there is a very high probability that juan david belongs to the family of clara gonzalez de rojas , mario iguaran arana , the country s chief federal prosecutor , said at a news conference ."
"the boy , known as emmanuel , has been at the center of a hostage drama that raised hopes the revolutionary armed forces of colombia would liberate some of their hostages ."
"the rebel group , known as farc for its spanish acronym , had agreed to release three hostages as part of a deal brokered by venezuelan president hugo chavez ."
"farc said it would release emmanuel along with his mother , clara rojas , and another woman , consuelo gonzalez , but the mission to free the captives fell apart december , when the rebel group said it could not release the hostages because of colombian military operations in the area , according to a farc statement chavez read on venezuelan television ."
"colombian president alvaro uribe denied the group s assertion , saying there were no combat operations in the area near the rebels , and he said the rebels could not release the three hostages because they"
"he raised the possibility that emmanuel , who was born in captivity to rojas , was living in a foster home in the colombian capital of bogota ."
"on friday , iguaran arana said initial dna results will be checked against tests being done in european labs to verify the child s identity ."
"however , a statement on the venezuelan government s web site from earlier friday said the colombian government had not allowed venezuela to participate in the dna testing ."
"established in as the colombian communist party , farc is colombia s oldest and largest marxist rebel group , according to the u . s . department of state ."
"the united states , the european union and colombia classify it as a terrorist group ."
"san jose , california cnn citing disagreements with the organization , intel corp . said thursday it has abandoned the one laptop per child program , dealing a big blow to the ambitious project seeking to bring millions of low cost laptops to children in developing countries ."
"the fallout ends a long simmering spat that began even before the santa clara based chipmaker joined the olpc board in july , agreeing to contribute money and technical expertise ."
"intel decided to quit the nonprofit project and the olpc board because the two reached a philosophical impasse , intel spokesman chuck mulloy said ."
"meanwhile , intel will continue with its own inexpensive laptop design called the classmate , which it is marketing in some of the same emerging markets olpc has targeted ."
"both sides shared the objective of providing children around the world with the use of new technology , but olpc had asked intel to end our support for non olpc platforms , including the classmate pc , and to focus on the olpc platform exclusively , mulloy said ."
"at the end of the day , we decided we couldn t accommodate that request ."
"the one laptop program was founded in by nicholas negroponte , former media lab director at the massachusetts institute of technology ."
"intel believed all along that there is a need for multiple alternatives to meet the needs of children in poor countries , mulloy said ."
"washington cnn mike huckabee and barack obama , the front runners in the race for the white house after thursday s iowa caucuses , offer clearly different views on iraq ."
"obama , a democratic u . s . senator from illinois , opposed the war in iraq from the beginning ."
"he supports the concept of a phased withdrawal , a gradual pullout of a brigade or two of u . s . troops from iraq each month for months ."
"there s no military solution to this , obama said during a debate last april ."
"we ve got to have a political solution , begin a phased withdrawal , and make certain that we ve got benchmarks in place so that the iraqi people can make a determination about how they want to move forward ."
"republican huckabee , the former governor of arkansas , supported the war at the start and now supports gen . david petraeus strategy of cautiously reducing troops levels only as security improves ."
"if we leave , iraq s neighbors on all sides will face a refugee crisis and be drawn into the war ."
former england captain lawrence dallaglio has quit international rugby and will bring down the curtain on his club career at the end of the current season .
"dallaglio , , was a world cup winner with england in and played his final game for his country as they were beaten by south africa in the final in paris ."
"but ashton , who was criticized in dallaglio s recent autobiography , is expected to favor younger players as he begins rebuilding the team ."
"combative forward dallaglio , whose test career spanned years and caps , pre empted that decision when he made the official announcement on thursday ."
"i know a lot of people will look at the recent world cup and events afterwards but it was always my intention to retire from rugby at the end of this season , he said ."
ashton paid tribute to dallaglio s contribution to the game saying lawrence has made a massive and influential contribution to his country and to london wasps and i wish him all the best for the rest of this season and the future .
dallaglio had previously retired in but returned to the international fold two years later .
"a law school student and former beauty pageant contestant who has posed for a racy calendar while brandishing a weapon has been accused of kidnapping , biting and threatening a former boyfriend with a handgun ."
"kumari fulbright , , who is midway through her second year in law school , faces a long prison term if convicted of kidnapping , armed robbery , aggravated robbery and two counts of aggravated assault ."
"fulbright , who competed for the miss arizona title in and , recently completed a semester long unpaid stint clerking for a federal judge , u . s . district judge raner collins , his office said ."
she also poses wearing a shiny black bikini in a calendar that features women holding guns .
"in the december indictment , fulbright is accused of holding and torturing her year old ex boyfriend in early december with the help of three other men , including another man she had previously dated ."
"fulbright invited the man to her apartment , then excused herself to shower , said police spokesman sgt . fabian pacheco ."
"authorities said the man was taken to another home , where the assault continued , then taken back to fulbright s house , where she guarded him with a gun ."
"a police complaint said the suspects stole the victim s wallet , money clip with to , and his cell phone and briefcase ."
"paris , france cnn alain ducasse has already taken haute cuisine to great heights , in menus for the concorde jet and for astronauts ."
but opening a restaurant in the eiffel tower comes with its own challenges .
"though only feet up , there s no gas cooking because of safety concerns ."
all the decor had to be light so as not to weigh on the year old iron structure .
"and because space is tight , food is washed and prepared in an underground kitchen ."
"the celebrity chef s new endeavor called the jules verne , like the restaurant it replaced opened for its first dinner in late december ."
"i think our only alternative in this monument is to be percent french , he told the associated press ."
"beautiful products , perfect technique , perfect harmony , a few precise , reduced sauces , everything in harmony with french wines , he said ."
"ducasse says the menu price is accessible to everyone about for lunch and for dinner , without wine . he shrugged off a question about whether setting up in france s most famous landmark with more than . million visitors last year might be too touristy for his elite brand ."
"for us , the eiffel tower is a restaurant more than a place to visit , the year old chef said , adding that he hopes to cultivate the right mix of tourists and parisians ."
the restaurant seats up to and takes reservations .
"to get to the restaurant , diners take a private elevator ascending to one set of tunes and descending to another ."
the setting s main attraction is the panoramic view of paris .
"the ceiling lighting is by designer herve descottes , who lit up the mona lisa in the louvre , and it s crisscrossed by glowing lines that mimic the traffic patterns of paris ."
"the lighting is gentle , so the view isn t obscured at night ."
"as for the cuisine , the dinner menu includes roasted imperial langoustine with sauteed green vegetables and black truffles pan seared beef tournedos and fresh duck foie gras with souffled potatoes and perigueux sauce"
"the use of lethal injection will be expanded in china to replace execution by shooting , a senior legal official said in an interview with a government owned chinese newspaper ."
"currently around half of all the people s courts carry out executions by lethal injection , xingchang told the paper ."
"although it does not release official statistics of its executions , china is believed to execute more people than any other country , according to human rights groups ."
"based on available public reports , amnesty international estimated that in china executed at least , people around percent of all executions across the world ."
during the same period there were executions in the united states .
"he gave no timetable for the shift to lethal injections , which were first introduced as a method of execution in china in ."
"china has attempted to reform its capital punishment system following reports in of executions of wrongly convicted people , and criticism that lower courts arbitrarily impose the death sentence ."
"new york cnn clint eastwood s my hero , denzel washington says . that s the model . he s the guy ."
"at this stage of his career , the two time oscar winner is most interested in going the actor turned director route , citing george clooney , sean penn and ben affleck as examples ."
"he likes the idea of staying behind the camera , rather than pulling double duty as filmmaker and performer as he did in his directorial debut antwone fisher and now the great debaters ."
"washington wanted to stay behind the camera for his latest film , but harvey weinstein , whose company put up the money along with oprah winfrey s harpo films , wanted to ensure the movie had the star power of the strikingly handsome , foot leading man and upped the budget to have him in front of camera too ."
"and i said all right , all right , washington says , adding matter of factly that casting himself is not bad casting ."
"while he was happy to get a golden globe nomination for his muscular performance as a harlem drug lord in american gangster , washington sounds particularly tickled by the best picture globe bid for the great debaters ."
"he says it felt like the first time he received a best actor academy award nod years ago , for cry freedom ."
"in talking about the new movie in a conference room at npr s midtown manhattan studios , washington is garrulous actually , almost giddy ."
"he laughs often and is quite animated in discussing the life affirming tale of the debate team at all black wiley college that took on major , predominantly white universities in and won ."
"barack obama will win the iowa democratic caucus and mike huckabee will be the republican winner , cnn projects , based on early results ."
"rudy giuliani , who has turned the focus of his campaign to the february super tuesday primaries , trailed with percent ."
"huckabee s victory can be attributed to his overwhelming support among evangelical voters and women , according to cnn analysis of entrance polls ."
polls taken as iowans entered the first in the nation caucuses show a tight race for both parties .
"caucus goer kathy barger , inside a democratic caucus site in walnut , iowa , said the room she is in is packed to the brim with a line out the door ."
there are bodies in every available space in the room .
"the white house hopefuls were campaigning down to the wire in iowa today , determined to reach as many people as possible before the , caucuses that started at p . m ."
"a libyan took over as president of the u . n . security council thursday , capping the nation s climb back to respectability ."
but its ambassador said libya s past ordeal under u . n . sanctions puts it in a very difficult position when we speak about imposing sanctions against another country .
"the rapid ascent of libyan ambassador giadalla ettalhi to this month s revolving council presidency , occurring during the first month that libya has ever been allowed onto the council , is a remarkable turnabout for the north african nation long seen as a sponsor of terrorism ."
"the council , which oversees global peace and security , is the only u . n . body whose decisions are all binding ."
"among its tools are economic sanctions , arms embargoes , financial sanctions , travel bans and military actions ."
"the council presidency rotates monthly among members , based on alphabetical order in english ."
"the job requires setting the monthly agenda and running council meetings , but it does not give an ambassador automatic entry into talks exclusive to the most powerful members ."
"libya also enjoyed its highest level contact between the two countries thursday , in a meeting between u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice and libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalqam ."
"cnn at least four people have been killed and injured six critically after a car bomb exploded in the turkish city of diyarbakir thursday , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has said ."
the explosion in the southern turkish city of diyarbakir killed at least four people thursday .
"in a nationally televised address broadcast from ankara , prime minister tayyip erdogan blamed terrorists for the blast , but offered no evidence ."
"some local media sources later put the number of dead as high as five , with wounded , including troops , the associated press reported ."
security officials told cnn turk that a car bomb was detonated by remote control during a military convoy s passage through a busy section of the city center .
"at least one soldier was among those wounded in the explosion , which occurred about p . m . a . m . et , damaging nearby buildings and incinerating at least six vehicles , most of them parked cars ."
"the explosion site includes a shopping mall , a luxury hotel , a military post and military housing ."
"the wounded were taken to a military hospital in the largely kurdish city , in southeastern turkey , which has a population of . million ."
"the city had been quiet since september , , when a bomb killed more than people , five of them children ."
"prague , czech republic cnn members of a czech art group who hacked into television broadcasting with images of a hoax nuclear explosion were charged and will have to stand trial , a state prosecutor said thursday ."
a freeze frame from the web cam shows an image of a nuclear explosion .
"the six members of the prague based ztohoven group were charged last month with spreading false information and face up to three years in jail if convicted , said dusan ondracek , the state prosecutor in the northern town of trutnov , who is in charge of the case ."
"the trial could begin by the end of january , ondracek said ."
"in december , the project was awarded the ng prize for young artists by prague s national gallery together with a cash prize of , koruna us , ."
"meanwhile , the country s attorney general called for a recount and independent investigation into the december election in which incumbent president mwai kibaki was declared the victor over opposition candidate raila odinga ."
violent protests ensued after results were announced sunday and the number of dead has surpassed people .
"at a nairobi morgue on thursday , odinga toured freezing rooms of the dead and saw the bodies of babies and children piled on shelves , according to an associated press report ."
"it was unclear when those in the morgue died , but odinga supporters said some died on thursday ."
"odinga called off a million man rally planned for a nairobi park on thursday , but not before police clashed with his supporters heading to the event ."
"odinga supporters carried white flags , olive branches and protest signs as they tried to get to uhuru park , where the rally was to have been held ."
government forces used tear gas and water cannon to disperse the crowds .
"odinga called the meeting despite a government ban on such gatherings , having been forced to abandon his first attempt on monday soon after the onset of the conflict ."
"despite this week s two failed gatherings , the opposition orange democratic movement now hopes to hold one friday to protest the result of the elections ."
"meanwhile , kenyan attorney general amos wako called for a recount and a government of national unity , according to a statement from his office ."
"wako , who has been kenya s attorney general since , oversaw the nation s transition from one party rule to democracy that year ."
"light , sweet crude for february delivery eventually fell cents to settle at . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising to . , a trading record ."
"one day after oil prices briefly touched for the first time , the energy department s energy information administration said crude inventories fell by million barrels last week , much more than the . million barrel decline analysts surveyed by dow jones newswires , on average , had expected ."
"by , barrels , countering analyst expectations that distillate supplies would fall by , barrels ."
"and supplies of gasoline rose by . million barrels , more than the . million barrel increase analysts had expected ."
"any surprises in the report are more the result of false expectations as opposed to anything truly remarkable in the data , said tim evans , an analyst at citigroup inc . in new york , who added that crude inventories often fall this time of year , while distillate and gasoline supplies typically increase ."
"february gasoline fell . cents to settle at . a gallon on the nymex , and february heating oil fell . cents to settle at . a gallon ."
"february natural gas fell . cents to settle at . per , cubic feet ."
voters will soon have their say in the presidential election as iowans gather to pick their candidates in the first in the nation caucuses .
"on the democratic side , hillary clinton , barack obama and john edwards have been at the top ."
"the front runners in the republican race are mike huckabee and mitt romney , according the the poll ."
"the white house hopefuls are campaigning down to the wire in iowa today , determined to reach as many people as possible before the , caucuses that start at p . m ."
"the iowa democratic party said , people participated in the caucuses , while the republican party of iowa estimated that , people took part in the caucuses ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistani president pervez musharraf has said assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto ignored government warnings and defended himself against accusations that he had a role in her slaying ."
"he also admitted thursday he is not satisfied with the investigation into her death , making his comments to reporters in a rare news conference held in english ."
"frankly , i consider the question below my dignity to answer , but however i would like to answer it , musharraf told the reporter from britain s sky news ."
"feudal and i m not a tribal i have been brought up in a very educated and civilized family which believes in values , which believes in principles , which believes in character ."
"my family , by any imagination , is not a family which believes in killing people , assassinating , intriguing . and that is all there i want to say ."
"later , he accused bhutto of ignoring warnings from the government and detailed the security provided to the former prime minister in liaquat bagh , the rawalpindi park where she was killed last week ."
"she was informed of the threat to her , the first time about three to four weeks back when she wanted to the same place , musharraf said ."
the intelligence agencies knew there was a threat and we told her not to go .
"more than , police were patrolling the park where bhutto s convoy passed last thursday , and government snipers patrolled each building s rooftop , musharraf said ."
"bhutto was traveling in a bulletproof vehicle , and had handpicked the head of her security detail , he said ."
"musharraf pointed out that no one else in the vehicle was injured when gunshots rang out , followed by suicide blast that killed nearly two dozen people in the crowd ."
"nobody gets hurt inside the car , only she when she . . . decides to rise above the sunroof , he said ."
"he expressed his dissatisfaction with the way investigators immediately cleaned the area where bhutto was killed , possibly wiping away key forensic evidence ."
but if you are meaning that they did it by design to hide evidence no .
"france s most drastic measure to curb smoking went into effect wednesday with a full ban on lighting up in cafes , restaurants and discotheques ."
the bold move is a massive change for a country where the cigarette came to symbolize the french way of life .
"we caught one at the counter this morning , said maria boyer at a cafe near the famed champs elysees ."
"i just ask people to be nice and avoid the fines , she said , noting that cafe owners who ignore the ban must pay up , too ."
about a quarter of france s million people smoke .
"the health ministry said one in two regular french smokers died of a smoking related illness , and about , non smokers die each year from secondhand smoke ."
banning smoking everywhere but in private homes and in the streets is the latest measure in a progressive crackdown that began years ago with the start of steady price hikes on cigarettes and a requirement that public places create non smoking areas the first curb on smoking in cafes .
restaurants and other so called places of conviviality were given an extra months to apply a full ban .
cnn malaysia s health minister has resigned after being caught on videotape having sex with a female friend the country s national news agency said wednesday .
"at the time , the year old also added that he would not resign from his post or his party , the malaysian chinese association , which is part of the ruling national front coalition ."
"but news agency bernama said wednesday that chua had resigned from both the post and the party , and his departure was effective immediately ."
had apologized to her and his three children .
"it is a difficult time for all of us but we have accepted his regret and apology , she told bernama ."
"in his admission at a press conference in malaysia on tuesday , chua said the woman was a personal friend but did not elaborate ."
"who has done this and why it was done is obvious . who made this tape is not important any more , he told the associated press ."
"olympic champion sprinter justin gatlin will challenge his four year doping suspension and may take the case to federal court , his attorney said ."
a three member arbitration panel cut gatlin s suspension in half to four years in a page ruling released tuesday .
the sprinter tested positive for excessive testosterone at the kansas relays in april .
"then years old , gatlin had been taking the medication for attention deficit disorder since childhood ."
"he had stopped taking the medication three days before the competition , but small amounts were still detected ."
"christopher campbell , a former olympic wrestler who has dissented in several arbitration panel rulings against athletes , accused anti doping organizations of behaving as if they are above the law ."
"in these situations , they are nothing more than bullies preying on the vulnerable , campbell wrote . the federal government should take a serious look at this practice ."
"under the panel s ruling , gatlin would be eligible to run on may , ."
that would prevent him from defending his meter title at the beijing olympics this august .
"if the sprinter can get his first offense erased , it would likely result in a two year ban that would expire this may , a month before the u . s . olympic trials ."
"beijing , china cnn a growing number of rich and powerful people in central china are brazenly flouting the country s one child policy , a newspaper said wednesday ."
"the violations in hubei province are leaving local family planning officials powerless , the beijing morning post reported ."
"in one case , a person was fined , for having a second child , the highest amount ever in hubei , but has only paid , , the paper said ."
"the report said , people , including government officials , were punished in for not adhering to the policy , which has been in place for almost years ."
"under the mandate , most urban couples are limited to one child and rural families to two in an attempt to control population growth and conserve natural resources in the world s most populous country ."
"in order to have another child people also remarry , keep a second wife in the house , or fake a divorce , the paper said ."
"the fire in downtown urumqi , the capital of xinjiang region , had been burning all night after it started in a building that normally has more than , people selling clothes , toys and various commodities , the state run xinhua news agency said ."
xinhua said firefighters and fire engines were trying to contain the fire .
it was not known how it started .
"one of tv s favorite schoolgirls is starting to grapple with some growing pains , and so is her real life counterpart , year old jamie lynn spears , sister of that other spears ."
so what will she do as the show s third season ends and her school chums ponder a fourth season without zoey ?
"i don t know , spears says teasingly during a late november phone interview from her home in kentwood , louisiana ."
"zoey s dilemma is not altogether unlike spears own , as the actress , now a high school junior and pregnant , ponders her future ."
"i m going to try to graduate before i do anything else , she says of taking on another tv series or future film roles after zoey ends ."
"she declines to discuss her famous sister , britney , although she says she has no plans to follow her to california ."
"but her reluctance , she quickly adds , doesn t have as much to do with avoiding the paparazzi as it does with leaving louisiana ."
"santiago , chile cnn about people were evacuated as a volcano erupted wednesday in southern chile , rocking the area with explosions and spewing lava and ash ."
"but the llaima volcano s eruptions were slowing by wednesday afternoon , so a larger evacuation did not appear necessary ."
"the evacuees included about tourists , national forest service employees and others in the surrounding conguillio national park , about miles south of santiago ."
"hundreds spent the night outside or in shelters in melipeuco , a town of , near the llaima volcano ."
"others fled to communities farther away , but most were returning wednesday ."
"chile s emergency bureau director , carmen fernandez , said a larger evacuation wasn t necessary despite television images showing thick smoke and lava flowing from the crater ."
"there are no signs yet of an increased risk , fernandez said ."
"the bureau said the eruption was decreasing wednesday and explosions were less frequent and milder , even as argentina reported a heavy presence of gas and ash across the border ."
"the , foot high llaima , one of the most active among some active volcanos in chile , has not had a major blast since ."
"police are investigating whether several items found in the enclosure of a tiger who fatally mauled a year old man show that the animal was attacked or taunted , san francisco zoo spokesman sam singer said wednesday ."
"police are examining a large rock , a tree branch and other items , singer said ."
san francisco police chief heather fong has said that a shoe print found on the railing at the tiger enclosure is being examined to determine if one of the victims climbed over the rail or threw their leg over the side .
"corrections are under way at the habitat as the zoo prepares to reopen thursday , he said ."
the zoo s large cats will be kept indoors until workers complete the improvements to their enclosure .
a memorial area will be on display thursday near the entrance to the zoo and visitors are encouraged to bring mementoes and tributes both to the mauling victim and tatiana .
"in the final hours before the iowa caucuses , candidates are trying to gain the support of the undecided and make sure their supporters show up ."
"three democrats and two republicans are virtually tied at the top , according to the latest cnn opinion research corp . poll , and last minute decisions from undecided voters could push a candidate to the head of the pack ."
"this week s poll shows that percent of likely democratic caucus goers said they are still trying to decide which candidate to support , and more than a quarter of republican caucus goers said they are still trying to decide ."
"former north carolina sen . john edwards , who has been on a hour tour through iowa , attended a rally around midnight and made stops throughout the morning wednesday ."
"edwards has been trying to convince voters that his passion for change comes from the heart , saying he is the one who is going to help the little guy more than the others ."
the new york senator s camp has passed out door hangers telling people the stakes are high and they have to vote .
"while clinton s campaign is telling voters she has the track record to make good on her promises , the campaign for sen . barack obama of illinois is telling voters to hope for something different ."
campaigns were working to finalize massive get out the vote efforts to get their supporters to the caucuses thursday .
"while all of the democratic candidates were in iowa on new year s day , the republicans were spread across the country , possibly reflecting the fact that the iowa contest has come down to a race between mike huckabee and mitt romney ."
"romney s camp , however , is focusing on the voters who have committed to him and not those who are still undecided ."
the former massachusetts governor has an extensive computer database and his campaign is calling supporters to make sure they get to the caucus .
"huckabee , who doesn t have the funds and organization of his chief rival , is relying on the passion among evangelicals and the coalitions who support him to push him ahead thursday ."
"the race between romney and huckabee has become heated in recent weeks , with romney airing commercials attacking the former arkansas governor for his record on immigration and tax policy ."
romney leads with the backing of percent of likely republican caucus goers and huckabee has percent .
"in the democratic race , the poll shows clinton and obama essentially tied for the lead in iowa ."
edwards is in third place in the poll at percent .
"new orleans , louisiana cnn the bloodiest city in the country in , reeling from crime in its struggle to recover from hurricane katrina , got even worse in ."
"new orleans registered homicides last year , a nearly percent increase from the recorded in ."
"the fbi s rankings for will not be out until much later in the year , but new orleans population is thought to be , , which would mean a rate of about homicides per , people ."
"even the most generous population estimate in put the number of people in the city that year at , ."
"that meant a real homicide rate of . per , residents in new orleans ."
"to compare that number with some other notoriously bloody cities , the rate for gary , ind . , was . and detroit s was . ."
"the killings are drug related or retaliatory for the most part , police have said ."
the upswing comes despite continued patrols by the national guard and state police and the addition of two new classes of police recruits in the past year .
"but beefed up policing efforts can only do so much , said rafael goyeneche , executive director of the metropolitan crime commission of greater new orleans ."
"this city is beginning to do some things that i ve been waiting years to see , goyeneche said . i think there is a renewed sense of purpose people are focused and demanding more than what was in play before katrina hit ."
"new york s and chicago s homicide totals were the lowest in more than years , and in philadelphia , slayings dipped slightly after reaching a nine year high in ."
post election violence in kenya brought international pleas for calm wednesday amid mounting concerns over the legitimacy of president mwai kibaki s narrow victory in last week s vote .
"kenyan government officials said at least people had so far been killed and around , forced to flee their homes as gangs of machete wielding young men roamed the streets ."
"the associated press said more than people were dead amid reports of horrific attacks , including the torching of a church where people who had sought refuge were burned alive ."
tensions could worsen thursday when opposition leader raila odinga plans a huge protest rally in nairobi .
"all kenyans are invited to uhuru park , a statement on odinga s campaign web site said , and some party officials said at least a"
"the government has banned all rallies and kenya s police commissioner sent a reminder wednesday , telling citizens the gathering has not been authorized and is therefore illegal ."
"meanwhile , in an article published wednesday in the herald , kenya s oldest newspaper , the head of the country s electoral commission , samuel kivuitu , was quoted as saying he did not know who had won the election ."
"kivuitu said he had been pressured to announce the results , ap reported ."
his remarks came after international election observers voiced doubts over the conduct of last week s vote .
"ghanaian president john kufuor , the head of the african union , was due to arrive in nairobi , the kenyan capital , on wednesday to act as a mediator , an au spokeswoman told ap ."
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said wednesday that secretary of state condoleezza rice had spoken to odinga and would speak with kibaki later wednesday .
"it is important for the kenyan people and their democracy to work within the confines of their law and constitution to find a political way forward and , most importantly , to bring about an end to the violence , mccormack said ."
"dubai , united arab emirates cnn a saudi blogger arrested in december could be freed soon , a spokesman for the kingdom s interior ministry said wednesday , but no details of any charges against him were released ."
"fouad al farhan , operator of the web site alfarhan . com , was arrested december ."
"in an e mail posted on the site since his arrest , he told friends that he faced arrest for his support of reform advocates the saudi government accuses of supporting terrorism ."
"maj . gen . mansour al turki , a spokesman for the interior ministry in riyadh , told cnn that al farhan was jailed because he violated the regulations of the kingdom ."
"he is being interrogated for local law violations , al turki said . the violation is not a security matter ."
"al turki said al farhan would be released in the near future , but no date has been set ."
"i don t believe he will remain in detention long . they will get the information that they need from him and then they will let him go , he said ."
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy governed by strict islamic law .
"though saudi king abdullah raised hopes for reform when he assumed the throne in , news outlets remain censored , and internet access is restricted , according to the u . s . state department s latest human rights report on the kingdom ."
"al farhan , , is one of the few saudi web commentators who uses his own name , according to the u . s . based committee to protect journalists ."
"detaining writers and holding them for weeks without charge is appalling , cpj executive director joel simon said in the statement ."
"in the e mail posted on his web site , al farhan said a senior interior ministry official promised he would remain in custody for three days at most if he agreed to sign a letter of apology ."
an apology for what ?
apologizing because i said the government is a liar when they accused those guys to be supporting terrorism ?
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistani president pervez musharraf said wednesday that british investigators are heading to pakistan to help clear up the confusion surrounding thursday s assassination of benazir bhutto ."
"i am very thankful to british prime minister gordon brown that when i made this request he accepted that , musharraf said in a nationally televised address ."
"the scotland yard team , he said , will solve all the confusion surrounding how bhutto died last week ."
britain s metropolitan police services confirmed that it is sending a small team of counterterrorism police to provide support and assistance in the investigation into the death of benazir bhutto .
the united states welcomed pakistan s decision to consult with british investigators .
"it s very important that a transparent and comprehensive investigation move ahead quickly , said white house press secretary dana perino ."
"asked if the united states would aid in the investigation , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said he had no information on whether pakistan had requested u . s . assistance ."
"the united states has offered to send forensic specialists from the fbi , according to the state run associated press of pakistan ."
"bands of armed men invaded port harcourt , the center of nigeria s oil industry tuesday , attacking two police stations and raiding the lobby of a major hotel ."
"word that several mexican oil export ports were closed due to rough weather added to the gains , as did a report that opec may not be able to meet its share of global oil demand by ."
"light , sweet crude for january delivery rose . to a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange , according to brenda guzman , a nymex spokeswoman , before slipping back to . ."
"i am the man in the tape , health minister chua soi lek said tuesday , referring to dvds that began circulating in his home state last week showing him performing sexual acts with an unidentified woman in a hotel room ."
"speaking in johor during a minute news conference , chua , , apologized to his wife , three children and supporters ."
"chua , a former physician and one of malaysia s fastest rising political stars , said the woman in the tape was a personal friend but refused to"
i would like to emphasize that i did not make the tape myself .
who has done this and why it was done is obvious .
cua said he had no intention of relinquishing his cabinet post or his vice presidency in the malaysian chinese association .
"mca president ong ka ting called for an emergency party meeting wednesday to discuss the scandal , which is already providing political ammunition for opposition groups that often raise allegations of government immorality and misconduct ."
new york cnn what s gonna happen wednesday night ?
"that s the sort of question seldom raised about late night talk tv , whose hosts keep the audience content with variations on a durable formula , night after night , gag after gag , guest after guest ."
"but the late night landscape is about to change , and no one not the hosts , not the viewers knows how it will look ."
"what everybody does know is , on wednesday , five late night hosts will return to work ."
each host is sure to be stoked after having been sidelined since the writers strike began eight weeks ago .
"welcome back , guys !"
but there s a twist .
"thanks to an agreement with the writers guild of america forged just last week , two of the hosts david letterman and craig ferguson will be accompanied by their writing teams ."
"it s a different story for jay leno , conan o brien and jimmy kimmel ."
"they will be deprived of their writers services while , on the fly , they retool the talk show format and , relying on improvisation , do , well , who knows what ?"
"consider the writerless shows nbc s leno led tonight which airs opposite letterman and late night with conan o brien against cbs ferguson , as well as abc s jimmy kimmy live ."
"portland , oregon cnn the fbi is making a new stab at identifying mysterious skyjacker d . b . cooper , who bailed out of an airliner in and vanished ."
the fbi this week released new details that the agency hopes will jog someone s memory .
"the man calling himself dan cooper , also known as d . b . cooper , boarded a northwest flight in portland for a flight to seattle on the night of november , , and commandeered the plane , claiming he had dynamite ."
"in seattle , he demanded and got , and four parachutes and demanded to be flown to mexico ."
"somewhere over southwestern washington , he jumped out the plane s tail exit with two of the chutes ."
"on monday , the fbi released drawings that it said probably are close to what cooper looked like , along with a map of areas where cooper might have landed ."
who was cooper ?
did he survive the jump ?
"we re providing new information and pictures and asking for your help in solving the case , the fbi said in a statement ."
he hadn t specified a route for the plane to fly and had no way of knowing where he was when he went out the exit .
"canberra , australia cnn australia s new government has banned taxpayer funded massages for pampered bureaucrats as part of an austerity drive , a minister said wednesday ."
assistant treasurer chris bowen said public service chiefs have been told that they and their staff must pay for their own back rubs in the new government s clampdown on public sector largesse and waste .
"but they don t get one , bowen told sydney radio ue ."
"bowen s labor party , which was elected to government on november , has long railed against the free massages provided for some privileged public servants ."
"there are lots of public servants that work very , very hard and they need to be rewarded , but we ve taken the view that this is not an appropriate way of rewarding them , bowen said ."
"while not all public servants are eligible for the perk , those that were spent an average of for the year ."
prime minister kevin rudd has established a task force to cut waste in a public service that he said became bloated during the previous government s year rule .
the public sector massages cost up to for minutes .
"islamabad cnn the election commission of pakistan will delay parliamentary elections for at least a month , sources in the commission told cnn tuesday ."
the delay comes amid unrest following the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
"the government plans to make a formal announcement wednesday , the sources in the commission said tuesday ."
"the elections , originally scheduled for january , will take place some time in february , they said ."
bhutto s party and another major opposition party had urged the government not to delay the elections .
"but various provincial government representatives had suggested that the government hold elections after the muslim holy month of muharram , commission secretary general kanwar dilshad said at a press conference tuesday ."
"the holiday , which follows a lunar calendar , will begin around january and end about february ."
his party urged that the government go ahead with elections on january .
"the united states had kept its distance from the issue , saying it was up to the pakistanis to decide the timing of the elections ."
"a u . s . embassy official based in pakistan , speaking on the condition of anonymity , had said the united states wants to see the election held , but that we would not object to a postponement ."
"our greater concern would be if the elections are postponed indefinitely , he said ."
"election offices in districts of sindh province were destroyed after bhutto s assassination , dilshad said ."
sindh is bhutto s home province and was the main base of her support .
"bhutto , , was killed thursday in an attack that involved a gunman and an explosion in rawalpindi , outside of the capital islamabad ."
her party and the pakistani government dispute the cause of her death .
"bangkok , thailand cnn princess galyani vadhana , the elder sister of thailand s king bhumibol adulyadej , died wednesday , the royal palace announced . she was years old ."
galyani s passing came after the year old king himself recovered from the symptoms of a stroke after being hospitalized for three weeks in october .
both were tended to at bangkok s siriraj hospital .
"galyani had been hospitalized since june , after doctors found she had abdominal cancer ."
"in a statement issued hours before her passing , the palace said galyani s kidneys were not functioning and her breathing had weakened ."
"the late princess was noted for her interest in the arts , especially theater and classical music , a taste cultivated when she , like the king , was educated in switzerland , where she spent much time until later life ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn gangs of young men armed with machetes are roaming the streets in kenya as post election violence threatens to engulf the country ."
police officers detain an opposition supporter on monday during riots at the kibera slum in nairobi .
"at least people have been killed and about , have fled their homes since president mwai kibaki won a narrow victory , according to kenyan government officials ."
the associated press reported a higher number about have died since saturday .
"much of the violence is between supporters of kibaki from the majority kikuyu tribe and backers of opposition leader raila odinga , who is from the luo tribe ."
"in a particularly disturbing incident , a mob appears to have burned a church filled with kenyans seeking refuge from the violence ."
"the red cross told the associated press that at least were burned to death at the church , some of them children ."
"as many as people were at the church , about miles northwest of nairobi , ktn reporter tony biwott told cnn ."
"i m sure there were more than but i couldn t count the ones who were ashes , he said in a phone interview ."
"the wounded sustained gunshot wounds , burns and cuts from a panga , a machete like weapon , the red cross said ."
"the national police commissioner has said in kenyan society , churches are considered sacred and no one would expect such violence there ."
he said an investigation into the incident is under way .
"about people are reported dead and over , injured countrywide , according to the red cross ."
foreign minister raphael tuju said the government is committed to taking control .
"if the tear gas doesn t work then unfortunately they have to use live bullets , he told cnn . the president has been sworn in , the elections are over , the kenyans have to accept the results , the opposition has to accept the results ."
"the united states has withheld congratulations for kibaki , citing concerns of voting problems , even though kibaki has claimed victory ."
"des moines , iowa cnn the presidential candidates began the new year making their pitches to undecided voters and working hard to motivate their supporters to get out and participate in thursday s iowa caucuses ."
it is crunch time as campaigns offer everything from babysitting services to snow shovels to help supporters get to the caucuses .
"the candidates were crisscrossing iowa , appearing at rallies , house parties , restaurants wherever voters can be found ."
also the campaigns and independent groups working here are making aggressive outreach efforts through phone banks and canvassing .
"a new cnn opinion research corporation poll out tuesday shows both the democratic and republican races to be tight , with sens ."
hillary clinton and barack obama essentially tied for the lead in the democratic race in iowa and mitt romney and mike huckabee neck and neck in the republican race in the hawkeye state .
"but even with the hundreds of campaign appearances , phone calls to voters and a barrage of television ads in the last few months there are still a large number of undecided voters ."
the iowa contest could prove decisive in the tight democratic contest .
"among democrats , sen . hillary clinton of new york wins the most support , with percent of likely democratic caucus goers backing clinton and percent supporting sen . barack obama of illinois ."
"but taking into account the survey s sampling error of . percentage points in the democratic race , the race is virtually tied ."
former sen . john edwards of north carolina is in third place in the poll at percent .
"the catholic church celebrates january as its world day of peace , and during a midmorning mass in st . peter s basilica , the pope called for the gift of peace"
"for our families , our cities and the whole world ."
"we all aspire to leave in peace , but real peace . . . is not the simple conquest of man or the result of political agreements it is above all a divine gift , benedict said ."
"at the same time , the pope added , peace is a commitment that must be pursued with patience ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn on the day she died , benazir bhutto planned to hand over to visiting u . s . lawmakers a report accusing pakistan s intelligence services of a plot to rig parliamentary elections , sources close to the slain former pakistani prime minister told cnn tuesday ."
"patrick kennedy , d rhode island , and sen . arlen specter , r pennsylvania ."
a top bhutto aide who helped write the report showed a copy to cnn .
"where an opposing candidate is strong in an area , they supporters of president pervez musharraf have planned to create a conflict at the polling station , even killing people if necessary , to stop polls at least three to four hours , the document says ."
"the report also accused the government of planning to tamper with ballots and voter lists , intimidate opposition candidates and misuse u . s . made equipment to monitor communications of opponents ."
"ninety percent of the equipment that the usa gave the government of pakistan to fight terrorism is being used to monitor and to keep a check on their political opponents , the report says ."
"the pakistani government denied the allegations , with two pakistani diplomatic sources calling the report baseless ."
"rashid qureshi , a spokesman for musharraf , called the accusations ridiculous and said the election will be free , fair and transparent ."
one bhutto source said the document was compiled at her request and said the information came from sources inside the police and intelligence services .
"the election had been scheduled for january , but in the wake of bhutto s assassination , the election commission is expected to announce wednesday that it will delay the vote at least four weeks into february , sources at the commission said ."
"sen . latif khosa , who helped put the report together , accused the powerful inter services intelligence of operating a rigging cell from a safe house in the capital , islamabad ."
"the goal , he said , is to change voting results electronically on election day ."
"the isi has set up a mega computer system where they can hack any computer in pakistan and connect with the election commission , he said ."
khosa said he could make no link between bhutto s assassination and the report .
"paris , france cnn as a look , it is about as quintessentially french as it gets ."
"all the same , from the new year enjoying a cigarette while you sip on your cafe au lait will become a thing of the past ."
"france is extending its ban on smoking to include bars , discotheques , restaurants , hotels , casinos , as well as its fabled cafes ."
"in spite of the health dangers , about . million people smoke out of a population of million with around percent of year olds estimated to smoke , according to figures from the world health organization ."
"a smoking ban was first introduced in france in february this year to cover workplaces , schools , airports and hospitals ."
"the new restrictions will only apply to the inside of premises , meaning smokers are still free to light up on the"
"even so , enforcing the ban may prove tricky in a country well known for its cafe culture ."
"to soften the blow , the authorities have agreed to an amnesty over the new year holiday and will not fully enforce the new arrangements until wednesday ."
"after that time , any smoker caught will face a fine of , while hotel and bar owners who fail to prevent smokers from lighting up on their premises will be fined , ."
france has lagged behind many of its european neighbors in bringing in legislation to curb smoking in public places .
"since then italy , spain , belgium and britain have followed suit with similar bans ."
"iran said sunday that it will begin operation of the country s first nuclear power plant in the summer of using half its , megawatt capacity , the official news agency irna reported ."
"half of the capacity of the bushehr nuclear power plant will be launched in the summer of the coming year , irna quoted mottaki as saying ."
"after months of delay , russia began shipping nuclear fuel to bushehr in mid december and completed its second delivery on friday ."
the iranians have said russia will send a total of tons of nuclear fuel in eight shipments .
"tehran heralded the initial shipment as a victory , saying it proved its nuclear program was peaceful , not a cover for weapons development as claimed by the u . s . and some of its allies ."
russia s decision to begin shipping nuclear fuel to iran followed a u . s . intelligence report released earlier this month that concluded tehran had stopped its nuclear weapons program in late and had not resumed it since .
iran says it never had a weapons program .
"washington cnn in a last minute nudge to north korea , the u . s . state department said sunday it was unfortunate that pyongyang had not supplied a complete declaration of its nuclear programs before a monday deadline but signaled it would continue disarmament talks with its allies ."
"under a deal struck in february , north korea began to disable its nuclear reactor at yongbyon which produced weapons grade plutonium for the bomb it tested in in exchange for economic and energy assistance ."
"but it has yet to document its past and present nuclear secrets , another condition of the deal ."
"it is unfortunate that north korea has not yet met its commitments by providing a complete and correct declaration of its nuclear programs and slowing down the process of disablement , state department spokesman tom casey said in a written statement sunday evening ."
"we will continue to work with our close allies japan and south korea , and partners china and russia , as we urge north korea to deliver a complete and correct declaration of all its nuclear weapons programs and nuclear weapons and proliferation activities and complete the agreed disablement ."
"the united states is committed to fulfilling our obligations under the six party agreements as north korea fulfills all its obligations , casey said ."
"sunday s statement follows a december personal letter from u . s . president george w . bush to north korean leader kim jong il , urging his government to fulfill its end of the bargain ."
manchester united manager alex ferguson has reportedly fined his players a total of one million pounds . m after their pre christmas party ended in sordid front page headlines .
old trafford chief ferguson also reminded his superstars that he will not hesitate to sell any player who believes he is bigger than the premier league club . ferguson has taken a hard line with players throughout his career and his latest comments come after the december players party ended in allegations of rape .
ferguson has also expanded on his dislike of the celebrity lifestyle now enjoyed by many high profile players .
"what annoys me about some players today is this personal glory thing . they score a goal and then knock players out of the road so they can have their own private , personal gratification and praise from the fans . it s ugly seeing these kind of celebrations ."
they no longer go to the small italian restaurants but to the big and bright places .
the head of england s professional footballers association also issued a warning to the game s highly paid stars .
iraqi security forces were on high alert sunday around baghdad and in the sunni heartland north of the capital as the country marked the one year anniversary of saddam hussein s execution .
iraq army brig . gen . qassim al moussawi said security forces were ready and prepared for any emergencies that might happen .
"in hussein s hometown of tikrit , hundreds of people and school children visited his burial site to pay homage and lay flowers ."
some gave fiery speeches while others just stood quietly by the tomb in a large mausoleum in the tigris river village of ouja the small hamlet just outside tikrit where saddam was born .
the tomb was covered in iraqi flags and flowers and flanked by large pictures of a smiling hussein .
"hussein is buried next to his sons odai and qusai , who died in a gun battle with u . s . forces in a in the northern city of mosul ."
"footage of hussein s december execution , filmed on a mobile phone and showing the former iraqi leader being taunted just before he was hanged , was leaked to the media and shown across the world ."
"it provoked an outcry , particularly among many of iraq s sunni arabs , and sparked a horrific day of violence that left people dead from bombings and other attacks ."
"hussein was executed shortly after being convicted on charges of killing shiite men and boys in dujail , north of baghdad , after a botched assassination attempt in ."
"benazir bhutto s year old son will succeed her as chairman of the pakistan people s party , which will take part in upcoming elections , officials announced sunday . bilawal zardari , speaking in english at a news conference , said"
i am thankful for the cec central election commission for imposing their trust in me as chairman of the pakistan people s party .
"like all chairmen of the ppp , i will stand as the symbol of the federation . the party s long and historic struggle for democracy will continue with renewed vigor , and i stand committed to the stability of the federation ."
my mother always said democracy is the best revenge .
"bhutto had named her husband , asif ali zardari , to head the pakistan people s party in her will , which was read on sunday , but he handed over the position to the couple s son , ppp official makhdoom amin faheem said ."
the party accepted that decision in a meeting following the reading of the will .
"party officials told cnn that the younger zardari , who attends oxford university in england , will take over as chairman once he completes his studies ."
"british prime minister gordon brown spoke to pakistani president pervez musharraf on the telephone sunday , and the pakistani leader agreed to consider international support for the investigation into bhutto s death , according to a statement from brown s office ."
"musharraf s government has previously rejected international help , specifically from britain ."
"lafayette , indiana cnn a woman whose diamond ring vanished while she was making fudge for a bake sale was despondent after scouring her home and finding no sign of it ."
but linda vancel recently got a sweet surprise
a relative of the woman who bought the fudge found the ring when he bit into a piece of the candy .
"it s a very sentimental ring , vancel said of the white gold ring her mother , who died years ago , wore for years before passing it on ."
linda rhoades bought the fudge during a bake sale in west lafayette .
"she took some of it to her sister in law s father , charles red matson , in hopes of cheering him up after recent health problems ."
"when matson snacked on a piece of the fudge , he bit into something hard the ring ."
"rhoades said matson called her and said , well , linda , it s got chocolate all over it , but it doesn t look adjustable ."
it s got a stone that s really shiny .
"vancel said she had scoured her home , even dumping the trash can on the kitchen floor to sort through the rubbish for the ring ."
"finally she thought to track down rhoades and sent her a long shot e mail , which rhoades returned as soon as she got back from vacation ."
"sometimes there s so much negative in the world , to hear a story like this is reassuring ."
"cnn police in phoenix , arizona , appealed sunday for help in finding a year old man known as psycho who is a suspect in saturday s shootings of six people and a dog ."
"a spokesman for the phoenix police department described the suspect , jose francisco mendoza , as a foot , inch tall latino man ."
sgt . joel tranter said two police officers responded saturday evening to a report of a disturbance at a house in a suburb of phoenix .
"when they arrived , they were met with gunfire from mendoza , who was standing in the street , tranter said ."
"though the officers returned fire , neither they nor mendoza was hurt , tranter said in a news release ."
"calls to police from inside the house reported that several people had been shot , he said ."
"police sealed the neighborhood and entered the house , where they found five shooting victims"
"a sixth was found in front of the house , tranter said . a dog was also critically wounded , tranter said ."
"the six victims , who were taken to a hospital , have not been identified publicly ."
they were all described as being in stable condition .
"police found a gun in a second house , leading them to believe mendoza is unarmed , tranter said ."
"villavicencio , colombia cnn with its fearsome record of kidnapping and violence , colombia s largest guerrilla army might seem a nightmare group to encounter . but not to oliver stone ."
the american filmmaker is jumping at a chance to meet with a group the u . s . classifies as a terrorist organization .
"leaving the glamour of hollywood far behind , stone arrived in the steamy colombian city of villavicencio on saturday as part of a mission led by venezuelan president hugo chavez to retrieve three hostages held for years by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc ."
"i have no illusions about the farc , but it looks like they are a peasant army fighting for a decent living , stone said in an interview with the associated press at his hotel bar ."
"stone is part of an international delegation expected to fly by helicopter as early as sunday into the country s eastern jungles , an area the size of france , to collect the captives"
"former congresswoman consuelo gonzalez , clara rojas and her young son emmanuel , who was fathered by one of her guerrilla captors ."
"chavez personally invited stone to join the rescue delegation after the pair , who say they are mutual admirers , met for the first time last week in caracas ."
"dispatching rescue helicopters from venezuela on friday , chavez joked that stone was president bush s emissary to the operation , while stone called chavez a great man ."
"this release could be a new start , a break in the ice and the release has been well propelled forward by chavez , said stone . the important thing is that we build momentum so everyone can be released ."
the mission also gives stone a chance to get the lay of colombia s political landscape for two upcoming movies .
"he is also producing of one of two rival hollywood biopics about pablo escobar , history s most infamous cocaine trafficker ."
"the movie , which stone hopes to film in colombia , is based loosely on a book by escobar s brother , roberto ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenya s government has suspended all live television broadcasts as violence engulfed nairobi following the re election of incumbent president mwai kibaki ."
a senior official from the kenyan television network said it had been ordered to stop live broadcasts as rioters went on the rampage .
"kenyan television had earlier broadcast an address from the chairman of the electoral commission announcing that kibaki had narrowly defeated raila odinga , of the opposition orange democratic movement , winning by slightly more than , votes of the more than . million votes cast ."
a top media executive said on condition of anonymity that the decision to suspend broadcasts had taken back democratic process by years .
"police denied there had been violence following the announcement of the result , which was contested by odinga s party who accused the government of doctoring the count ."
"but a cnn crew witnessed plumes of smoke rising over the kibari slum , a stronghold of support for the opposition and the scene of pitched battles between rioters and police on saturday ."
"witnesses said rioters were setting fire to buildings in protest at the result ,"
"following a swearing in ceremony , kibaki insisted the elections were free and fair and called upon opposition parties to set aside their differences and to let us all work together to build consensus ."
the u . s . state department echoed the president s sentiment and congratulated kibaki on his re election .
a spokesman for the state department called on all kenyans to abide by the results so that the nation can move forward .
"according to ap reports , at least people have been killed in election related violence since thursday s voting in kenya ."
"nine died sunday in the mathare shantytown , ap reported ."
"kibaki s slim margin of victory is a marked difference from his win five years ago , in a landslide election ."
he had run on promises to fight corruption .
he has seen his authority erode amid a number of high profile corruption scandals in his government .
"he faced a serious challenge from odinga , a flamboyant politician who hails from the minority luo tribe and has won support from rural and urban voters after promising to share the wealth among all the people ."
"beijing will allow hong kong to directly elect its leader by and all its lawmakers by , the territory s chief executive said saturday ."
donald tsang said the move was a most important step in the former british colony s political future .
the government in beijing has been debating hong kong s political development and had been expected to announce its decision later saturday on a timetable for allowing direct elections .
"tsang , however , announced the decision during a televised press conference early saturday ."
cnn conflicting reports about what caused the death of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto are fueling questions about the circumstances of her assassination .
"video footage of thursday s attack on bhutto contains a murky shot of a hand firing a pistol three times , but the pakistani government said bhutto who was standing through her vehicle s sunroof was not hit ."
"the latest explanation friday by pakistan s interior ministry said bhutto , , died from a fractured skull after hitting her head on a piece of the vehicle ."
"immediately following the gunfire , a suicide bomber ignited explosives near bhutto s motorcade ."
cheema added that the lever was stained with blood .
"cheema s version of events conflicts with that of the government run news agency associated press of pakistan , which at first quoted the interior ministry as saying shrapnel from the bomb blast killed bhutto ."
"the suicide bomb killed more than others , and at least were wounded ."
"on thursday , an initial report from the interior ministry said bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck ."
"bhutto s death did not result from a bullet or shrapnel , cheema said , and nothing entered her head ."
"dr . mussadiq khan of rawalpindi general hospital , who treated bhutto before she was declared dead , said she had a big wound on the side of her head that usually occurs when something big , with a lot of speed , hits that area ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"kabul , afghanistan cnn two foreign nationals working for the european union and the united nations have left afghanistan after the government ordered them out for allegedly trying to talk to the taliban , officials from the international organizations said thursday ."
"nilab mubarez , a spokeswoman for the u . n . assistance mission in afghanistan unama , said mervyn patterson , a tribal affairs expert , left the country before the hour deadline set by the afghan government ."
"an eu official said michael semple , who had been the acting head of the eu mission in afghanistan , had also left the country ."
mubarez said the united nations was continuing its discussions with afghan authorities to allow patterson to return .
a provincial afghan official in helmand said the men were talking with the enemies of afghanistan .
unama spokesman aleem siddique said patterson and semple were in helmand to talk to the people there and find out their needs and concerns a process which he said includes talking to people who may not support the government .
but siddique denied the men were trying to contact the taliban .
"we do not talk to the taliban he said . if there are any talks with the taliban , these talks must be led by the government of afghanistan ."
mischa barton was arrested for misdemeanor driving under the influence after her car was stopped by sheriff s deputies early thursday morning in west hollywood .
her arrest was first reported by hollyscoop . com .
"kathmandu , nepal cnn rescuers searched for a third day as people remained missing after the collapse of a bridge spanning the bheri river in western nepal , police said ."
sixteen bodies have been recovered the majority of them of women and children .
"today we will search for the missing in the river with rafts , police superintendent bahadur jang malla said on thursday from surkhet ."
"on tuesday and wednesday , army and police rescue teams searched as many at miles kilometers downstream , looking for bodies ."
"the yard long bridge spanned the snow fed river in the surkhet district , about miles kilometers southwest of kathmandu ."
"the number of people on the bridge at the time of the collapse is estimated at between and , , said nepal police officer nibandha budha ."
"the men , women and children taking part in the final day of a hindu festival were crossing the bridge from one religious site to another when the structure gave way , police said ."
"meanwhile , a government engineer overseeing nepal s suspension bridge division said the bridge should have been able to hold more than the , people believed to have been on it when it collapsed on tuesday ."
"although we have to examine the bridge before we come to a definite conclusion , there must have been a defect in the building of the bridge , said engineer mani ram gelal . a knot could have been loose ."
"tokyo cnn rising energy costs triggered the biggest jump in japanese consumer prices in almost a decade while industrial production slumped , the government said friday , clouding the outlook for the world s no . economy ."
"the nation s jobless rate unexpectedly fell to . percent in november , but overall the mixed data cements expectations that the bank of japan will keep interest rates unchanged for some time , even as energy fueled inflation accelerates ."
"the nationwide core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food prices , jumped . percent in november compared to the same month a year ago , the ministry of internal affairs and communications said ."
the reading was above analysts expectations and marked the fastest rise since a . percent increase in march
it was also the index s second straight month of gains following a . percent rise in october .
the core cpi was lifted by a . percent jump in energy prices .
gasoline prices surged . percent on year .
the bank of japan has looked for a rise in consumer prices as a sign the country has fully emerged from years of deflation .
"still , the central bank has been cautious to hike rates too quickly amid concerns over the u . s . subprime loan crisis and the possible impact of the global economic slowdown on japan s economy ."
"the bank of japan kept its key interest rate unchanged at . percent at its policy meeting earlier this month , still the lowest rate among major industrialized countries ."
"november from the previous month , the first drop in two months ."
"industrial output rose . percent in october after falling . percent in september , the ministry of economy , trade and industry said ."
"the ministry also said manufacturers polled expect that their output will rise . percent on month in december , but will be flat in january ."
offering some respite was an unexpected drop in the country s jobless rate to . percent in november from . percent a month earlier .
"the ministry of internal affairs and communications said the total number of jobless was down , on year , marking the th consecutive month of decline ."
airlines and service providers seeking to deliver high speed internet services to passengers say they ve learned from boeing co . s decision to pull the plug on its ambitions to outfit its planes with a similar service .
"we wanted to attack every one of the things that were inhibitors in that first generation system , said jack blumenstein , chief executive of aircell llc , which is providing service for american and virgin ."
"aircell licensed a band three times the size of livetv s for million and plans to offer broader internet services , including web surfing , for about a flight what boeing had charged for the first hour ."
"boeing had deals with major international carriers such as germany s lufthansa ag and japan airlines corp . , but large u . s . carriers several of which filed for bankruptcy in the aftermath of september balked at investing in extra services ."
boeing spokesman john dern said the aircraft maker had no plans to re enter the business and was leaving such services to others .
"ewing , new jersey cnn convicted sex offenders who used the internet to help them commit their crimes will be banned from using the internet under a measure signed into law thursday ."
"the bill applies to people who , for example , lured a potential victim through e mail or other electronic messages ."
"we live in scary times , said acting gov . richard j . codey , who signed the bill because gov . jon s . corzine is vacationing in the caribbean ."
"under the law , sex offenders will have to let the state parole board know about their access to computers ."
"convicted sex offenders will have to submit to periodic , unannounced examinations of their computer equipment and install equipment on their computers so their use can be monitored ."
"parole officers can also order polygraph tests for convicts suspected of violating the internet ban , said parole board chairman peter barnes ."
"the parole board currently supervises about , paroled sex offenders whose sentencing guidelines call for lifetime supervision regardless of whether their offenses involved the internet ."
the board last month approved new rules banning those convicts from using internet social networking sites such as facebook and myspace .
"the parole board imposed the new restrictions after state officials discovered , after subpoenaing several sites , hundreds of profiles registered to convicted sex offenders ."
no federal law restricts sex offenders internet use .
florida and nevada are the only other states to impose such restrictions .
"when megan s law was enacted , few could envision a day when a sex offender hiding behind a fake screen name would be a mouse click away from new and unwitting victims , she said ."
"beijing , china cnn japan s prime minister will hold summit talks with chinese leaders friday on a number of thorny issues , with a stop at the birthplace of confucius indicating his desire for warming ties between the asian giants ."
"the countries have a history of animosity stemming from disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry , but yasuo fukuda s four day visit his first as prime minister follows several friendly meetings between leaders and a chinese warship s historic port call to japan ."
"fukuda will hold talks with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and legislative chief wu bangguo on friday ."
"duhamel s publicist , ruth bernstein , said her client recently popped the question to the pop star , whose debut solo album is titled the dutchess . she did not release any other details ."
"duhamel , , told best life magazine in a recent interview that he s been dating year old fergie for about three years and that they have bought a house together ."
"duhamel is the star of nbc s las vegas , and appeared in the action movie transformers ."
"fergie , whose name is stacy ann ferguson , is a member of the black eyed peas . her hit song big girls don t cry from the dutchess has been nominated for a grammy award in the best female pop vocal category ."
"benazir bhutto , who was assassinated thursday in rawalpindi , was the first female prime minister of pakistan and of any islamic nation ."
she led pakistan from to and again from to .
"bhutto , , spent eight years in self imposed exile in great britain and dubai after president farooq leghari dismissed her second administration amid accusations of corruption , intimidation of the judiciary , a breakdown of law and order , and undermining the justice system ."
she was found guilty of corruption and sentenced to five years in prison .
the conviction was later overturned but she remained in exile until this year .
she returned to pakistan in october after president pervez musharraf signed an amnesty lifting corruption charges .
"in a september interview on cnn s the situation room , bhutto said she expected threats against her life as she prepared to lead a push for the restoration of democracy in pakistan ."
"after military dictatorship an anarchic situation developed , which the terrorists and osama bin laden have exploited , she told cnn s wolf blitzer ."
bhutto narrowly escaped injury on october when a suicide bombing near her convoy in karachi killed people .
"bhutto was the daughter of zulfikar ali bhutto , former president and prime minister of pakistan , who was hanged in for the murder of a political opponent two years after he was ousted as prime minister in a military coup ."
"her brother , murtaza , was killed along with six others in a shootout with police at his home ."
"another brother , shahnawaz , died mysteriously in france in ."
"i put my faith in the people of pakistan , i put my faith in god . i feel that what i am doing is for a good cause , for a right cause to save pakistan from extremists and militants and to build regional security ."
benazir bhutto earned degrees from radcliffe college and oxford university and received an honorary degree from harvard university in .
"she leaves her husband of years , asif ali zardari , two daughters and a son ."
"president bush , on his ranch in crawford , texas , said bhutto refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country ."
"we stand with the people of pakistan in their struggle against the forces of terror and extremism , bush said . we urge them to honor benazir bhutto s memory by continuing with the democratic process for which she so bravely gave her life ."
"the body of pakistan s assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto was being flown home friday , as sporadic violence was reported in cities across the country ."
"the interior ministry said she died from a gun shot wound to the neck , fired by an attacker who then detonated a bomb killing other people ."
"police fired on a crowd , killing two people , in the city of khairpur in the sindh province , geo tv reported ."
"in peshawar , officers used tear gas and batons to break up a demonstration , the station said ."
"many obliged , shuttering shops or rushing home from work , and surrendering the streets to protesters who set fire to banks , shops , gas stations and more , pakistani media reported ."
ahmad said that he saw dozens of burned out cars as he drove home from work .
"a one mile strip leading to bhutto s karachi house was a ghost town , he said ."
"bhutto s body was being transported to the family s ancestral graveyard in gari khuda baksh in sindh province , where she will be buried later friday , said sen . safdar abbasi , a leader of her pakistan people s party ."
her coffin body was removed from rawalpindi general hospital late thursday carried above a crowd of grieving supporters .
"bhutto spent her final moments giving a stirring address to thousands of supporters at a political rally in a park in rawalpindi , a city of roughly . million that is km miles south of the pakistani capital , islamabad ."
kenyans were voting thursday in tight presidential and legislative elections which could see an incumbent leader voted out of office for the first time since the country s independence .
"president mwai kibaki was facing a challenge from opposition leader raila odinga , a flamboyant politician who for weeks has accused his rival of corruption ."
"voters were also choosing lawmakers and more than , provincial authority members ."
"despite fears of violence , voting appeared calm ."
one man told cnn he was excited to vote because he feels it s the most important election in kenya s history since independence in .
"another man , who is , said he was voting to encourage kenyan youth to do the same ."
"harun owade , a year old mechanic , had been waiting in line to vote since a . m . in kibera , home to at least , people in a maze of potholed tracks and ramshackle dwellings ."
we will put the politicians to the test .
"many others , however , don t feel they have benefited from the economic boom ."
odinga has openly appealed to them to vote out the incumbent so they can share the wealth .
the election could be a test for kenya s young multi party democracy .
suspicion swirled around islamic extremists thursday as news spread that former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto had been assassinated .
pakistani president pervez musharraf said the killers were the same extremists his country has been battling .
he vowed he would not rest until they are tracked down .
president bush blamed murderous extremists who are trying to undermine pakistan s democracy and said authorities must bring them to justice .
british foreign secretary david miliband also pointed to extremist groups .
"several groups had something to gain from bhutto s death , said vince cannistraro , a year cia official who ran the agency s counterterrorism operations from to ."
"clearly al qaeda and islamic fundamentalists had expressed hatred toward her , cannistraro said . they would be no . on the list ."
bhutto returned to pakistan on october after eight years in self imposed exile .
"bombers attacked her convoy after her arrival , killing at least of her supporters ."
"don t forget that this was a suicide bombing , he said ."
that s a technique we have seen used by the taliban and al qaeda .
"mount washington , new hampshire cnn neither strong wind nor high flames bothered nin the cat during a dozen years patrolling the northeast s highest peak as mascot of the mount washington observatory ."
it s retirement that bums him out .
the regal ex stray with a bright white coat and black splotches was carried off the mountain wednesday for the last time and will live with some park rangers in the valley below due to old age and a recent infection claiming the last of his teeth .
"he s or years old , so he s getting up there . we wanted to do the most humane thing for him , said scot henley , executive director of the nonprofit weather observatory ."
"nin is moving in with diane holmes and mike pelchat , rangers at mount washington state park , after years of petting and pampering from visitors and researchers alike ."
"i am the latest in a long and famous line of observatory felines , reads nin s profile on the facility s web site . i . . . find it very unnerving to head down the mountain especially since they only take me to the vet s ! ."
nin was never fazed by the gusty wind and bad weather .
he was a welcome pal to legions of meteorologists and scientists passing through during weekly stints taking weather measurements in hurricane force wind and heavy fog .
the observatory isn t expected to be feline free for long .
"the conway area humane society is evaluating successors to take over by the end of january , henley said ."
"they re looking for a new cat who is friendly , not spooked by bad weather and has the wits to know when to come in out of a storm ."
"rawalpindi , pakistan cnn pakistan s former prime minister benazir bhutto was assassinated thursday after addressing a large gathering of her supporters ."
"bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck , the pakistani interior ministry said ."
the attacker then blew himself up .
"the bomb attack killed at least others , doctors said ."
"john moore , a photographer for getty images , said bhutto was standing through the sunroof of her vehicle , waving to supporters , when two shots rang out ."
"bhutto fell back into the vehicle , and almost immediately a bomb blast rocked the scene , sending twisting metal and shrapnel into the crowd , he added ."
"police sources told cnn the bomber , who was riding a motorcycle , blew himself up near bhutto s vehicle ."
bhutto was rushed to rawalpindi general hospital less than two miles from the bombing scene where doctors pronounced her dead .
"her body was removed from the hospital carried above a crowd of supporters late thursday night , and a pakistan air force plane is flying the body to sukkur , accompanied by her husband and three children , said pakistan people s party leader sen . safdar abbasi ."
bhutto is scheduled to be buried in the ancestral graveyard of the bhutto family at gari khuda baksh in sindh province friday afternoon .
chaos erupted at the hospital when former prime minister nawaz sharif arrived to pay his respects to bhutto less than three hours after her death .
"hundreds of bhutto supporters crammed into the entrance shouted and cried , some clutching their heads in pain and shock ."
"sharif called it the saddest day in pakistan s history . something unthinkable has happened , he said ."
sharif said his party will boycott pakistan s january parliamentary elections in the wake of the assassination .
"president pervez musharraf said the killers were the same extremists that pakistan is fighting a war against , and announced three days of national mourning ."
police warned citizens to stay home as they expected rioting to break out in city streets in reaction to the death .
"rioters burned tires and blocked roads in karachi and other cities , police sources said ."
"police fired on an angry mob , killing two people , in the city of khairpur in the sindh province , geo tv reported ."
president bush said those responsible must be brought to justice and praised bhutto as a woman who had fought the forces of terror .
manchester united strolled to a away win over struggling sunderland to return to the top of the english premier league on boxing day .
"the champions might have been expecting an awkward afternoon on their trip to the stadium of light to play a team managed by their former captain roy keane , but the reality was very different ."
"england international striker wayne rooney opened the scoring with a deft th minute finish , and french star louis saha doubled the lead minutes later ."
half performance with a trademark free kick on the stroke of the interval which left home goalkeeper craig gordon with no chance . ronaldo departed to warm applause from both sets of supporters just before the hour mark as korean park ji sung was handed his first taste of first team action since undergoing knee surgery in march .
"at , without a thing left to prove , jack nicholson is sharpening his political edges ."
not that he ll be showing up at any presidential campaign rallies .
"i , by choice , am not an activist at this point , nicholson said . i think sean penn is the greatest living american in a certain way , because he s a man of action ."
"i feel by being a neutralist in this area , in my actual field of endeavor i can be more effective ."
you do not become militant if you wish to be a successful propagandist .
because all you will do is preach to the choir and further entrench your opposition .
yet he also won t criticize president bush
"nicholson was last politically active during george mcgovern s campaign against richard nixon , and he points to his beliefs at that time in explaining why he left that realm of the public eye ."
"i wanted to do solar energy . i wanted to legalize drugs versus the terrorist problem , which i was aware of in the s . because where else are they getting illegal money at that level ?"
"harlem is the historic capital of black american culture , but like many new york neighborhoods , it is rapidly changing ."
"big retailers like old navy , starbucks , payless , staples and blockbuster are ubiquitous ."
"on th street near fifth avenue , bulldozers clear a vacant lot for an upscale hotel ."
"old timers worry that redevelopment will wipe out mom and pop stores and affordable housing , along with the area s distinct character ."
certainly harlem s appeal to tourists has never been stronger .
"japanese visitors queue up at sylvia s , the famous soul food restaurant ."
but how does a visitor find the real harlem amid all the changes ?
and what is the real harlem anyway ?
restaurants
"anywhere you walk in the community is history , said clarence cooper , manager of sylvia s ."
sylvia s is harlem s best known eatery lenox ave .
near th street and can get very busy at peak times like sunday brunch .
the . express breakfast on a weekday at the counter a . m . is a nice alternative .
near th opened in with good reviews for its healthy chinese food .
shopping
"african paradise , which sells jewelry , wallets , sculptures and other african imports , is expected to move from w . th st . in mid january ."
"change is good , but when they start improving , they push people out of stores and apartments ."
bus tours
"each year , about percent of the million people using gray line s hop on , hop off buses around new york take the uptown loop , which includes harlem and stops on th street across from the apollo theater ."
heavy security prevented media from approaching sarkozy s entourage at the airport and the couple was whisked off in a convoy of egyptian presidential security cars to luxor s famed old winter palace hotel on the east bank of the nile .
"wearing sun glasses and dark casual clothes in balmy egyptian winter weather , they turned to wave to a crowd of onlookers and media as they walked up to the hotel , appearing relaxed and at ease with the media attention ."
"security was stepped up around the hotel and at the three archaeological sites sarkozy and bruni were to visit the luxor temple , the city s museum and the karnak temple ."
"in paris , france television reported bruni and sarkozy would spend three days at the winter palace ."
french media also reported that the couple would travel to the red sea resort of sharm el sheik on thursday .
"sarkozy is scheduled to start an official visit to egypt on monday , when he meets president hosni mubarak , the french embassy in cairo said ."
"sarkozy , , and bruni , , first surfaced as a couple earlier this month on a visit to disneyland paris ."
"their appearance , captured by the french media , came two months after the french president s divorce from his wife of years , cecilia ."
"bruni , , and an italian born french citizen , is a longtime model who won critical and public acclaim for her first folk album in , singing in a raspy , whispery voice ."
"she has dated a range of famous men , including mick jagger and donald trump , and has also reportedly been linked to singer eric clapton and actor vincent perez ."
"seattle cnn amazon . com said wednesday its holiday season was its strongest to date , with nintendo wii game systems and the harry potter and the order of the phoenix dvd among its top selling products ."
the online retailer said it sold about nintendo wiis per second when the product was available .
"the fifth harry potter movie led dvd sales , followed by planet earth"
the complete bbc series and pirates of the caribbean
at world s end .
"other products that sold well included garmin gps systems , the apple macbook and kitchenaid stand mixers ."
"amazon . com s amzn , fortune said it experienced its strongest holiday sales on dec . , as customers ordered more than . million items , or . items per second ."
"the company shipped products to more than countries , with more than . million units sent on its peak day ."
"richmond , virginia cnn as an army surgeon in the middle east , dr . keith rose watched a colleague bleed to death when a truck in his convoy was hit with a rocket propelled grenade ."
"rose could not get his comrade a tourniquet , which could have helped control the bleeding on his wounded leg , and sat along the mangled wreckage and talked with him as he took his last breath ."
"it really kind of frustrated me , rose said ."
"once he returned to the u . s . , rose approached blackhawk , a provider of military and law enforcement gear , with an idea to create clothes with built in tourniquets ."
"the system being tested for use in military uniforms , called warrior wear , has eight tourniquets two in each sleeve and pant leg ."
"no matter how good the tourniquet is , if you can t get it on the person at the right time , it doesn t work , said rose , who does tactical medicine consultation and medical work overseas ."
"it s something that is so basic , so cost effective and so overwhelmingly life changing , he said ."
the norfolk based company said the clothing should be available for retail around the end of march .
"tourniquets have allowed many people with devastating injuries to come back that in another time and another place would have died , said col . patricia r . hastings , director of the army s department of combat medic training based at fort sam houston in texas ."
"if you can save a medic a few minutes of time so he can concentrate on saving your life . . . it has great possibilities , hastings said ."
"and with the concept of battlefields changing , rose said the system is more vital than"
"the way wars are fought now . . . there s no defined lines of engagement , rose said . the average cook could be hit with a rocket attack while he s carrying potatoes to the mess hall ."
"advances in body armor have made protecting the core of a body easier , but more than percent of injuries in military and law enforcement conflicts today are to the extremities , said terry naughton , director of industrial security at blackhawk ."
naughton said percent of deaths are from injuries where blood loss was uncontrollable .
"we are confident that the day that this hits the field , that lives will be saved , naughton said ."
"and if we save one person , we ve done our job ."
the well publicized landing of iranian jews in israel on tuesday spurred glee among some israelis and the immigrants themselves and drew public scorn from a surprising quarter in iran two officials from its centuries old jewish community .
one of them described the emigration as a misinformation campaign and defended their lives under the government of iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
other iranian jews have immigrated to israel over the years .
"the group that sponsored the immigration is the international fellowship of christians and jews , based in chicago . it says it wants to help jews flee such persecution ."
the group receives money from evangelical christians .
"eckstein said immigrants received , each because they left behind possessions to go to israel ."
"soldiers , police and volunteers dug for survivors of landslides that killed as many as people wednesday in western indonesia , including dozens who were celebrating the cleanup of a mud covered home , a rescue official said ."
"authorities were trying to get heavy lifting equipment to affected villages on the main island of java , said search and rescue chief eko prayitno , but blocked roads were hampering the efforts ."
days of torrential rain triggered the landslides as well as floods that inundated thousands of houses elsewhere in the country .
"sixty one people were buried by a landslide in karanganyar district just as they were having a dinner to celebrate the successful clean up of one mud covered home , he said ."
"seventeen others were feared dead in nearby wonogiri district , after it was hit with hours of nonstop rain ."
"the landslides occurred on the third anniversary of the asian tsunami , which killed , people in a dozen nations ."
seasonal rains and high tides in recent days have caused widespread flooding across indonesia the world s fourth most populous nation where millions of people live in mountainous regions and near fertile flood plains close to rivers .
"floods were reported in numerous locations elsewhere on java , as well as on sumatra and sulawesi islands ."
"when japan s prime minister heads to china for a summit thursday , he ll face conditions his predecessors haven t enjoyed for years"
"signs of improving relations have been gathering pace , helping to push aside long standing disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry ."
"both sides want better ties , but they can t change the fact their relations are fraught with problems , said hisashi takahashi , international relations professor at sophia university in tokyo . the question is , whether they can keep on talking , because the problems are going to take a long time to tackle ."
"in recent months , a chinese warship dropped anchor off tokyo , the first military visit by the communist nation to japan since world war ii ."
high level economic talks in beijing brought together the largest number of cabinet officials from the two countries since they opened diplomatic ties years ago .
"china attaches great importance to the prime minister fukuda s visit , and is ready to make joint efforts with japan to enhance political mutual trust , expand common interests , and deepen practical cooperation , foreign ministry spokesman qin gang told reporters tuesday ."
china is japan s no . trade partner
"fukuda is looking to earn popularity points , while china is working on its foreign policy image with the olympics coming up , sophia university s takahashi said ."
president hugo chavez of venezuela said wednesday that three hostages held by colombian rebels could be freed with hours .
chavez said his forces had airplanes and helicopters ready to retrieve the hostages at a moment s notice .
"the hostages have been held for several years by the left wing revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as the farc for its spanish acronym ."
"on wednesday , chavez stood before a map showing venezuela and colombia and pointed out several airports on the venezuelan side of the frontier where the freed hostages could arrive ."
"he said he had considered options for a clandestine operation , but decided that would be too risky ."
"hostages who could be freed include clara rojas , who was kidnapped in while she managed the campaign of sen . ingrid betancourt , a candidate for the colombian presidency , chavez said ."
"they also include rojas son , emmanuel , who was born in captivity , and consuelo gonzalez , a former colombian congressman , he said ."
"betancourt could be freed with other hostages later , chavez said ."
"the farc has been engaged in a long running war in colombia that has involved right wing paramilitaries , left wing rebels , government forces and drug traffickers ."
"panama city , panama cnn the sole survivor of a plane crash that killed two americans and a panamanian pilot was awake and talking wednesday , a doctor said ."
"francesca lewis , , apparently fell out of the plane or was ejected on impact , her mother , valerie lewis , told cnn on wednesday ."
"the girl endured two days in the rugged mountains of panama , in frigid temperatures and heavy rain , before rescuers stumbled upon her in the wreckage on christmas day ."
"she s doing all right , valerie lewis said . she is having tests done at the hospital right now , and so far things seem good ."
"francesca apparently was disoriented when her rescuers saw her under a wing of the wrecked plane , her mother said ."
rescuers carried the girl on a stretcher for three and a half hours in torrential rain over rugged terrain to a helicopter .
the small plane disappeared sunday in a mountainous area of panama .
"authorities found the bodies of pilot edwin lasso , american businessman michael klein and klein s year old daughter , talia , about p . m . tuesday , according to a statement posted on the web site of panama s civil protection agency ."
francesca and talia were friends .
"rescuers planned to retrieve the three bodies wednesday , said thomas mesa , a spokesman for the u . s . embassy in panama city ."
"klein , a year old hedge fund manager , was vacationing with the two girls when they took the flight sunday to photograph a volcano in chiriqui province , about miles west of panama city ."
radio contact with the flight was lost about noon sunday .
"authorities and hundreds of volunteers spent the last two days searching the dense jungles and mountainous terrain , but heavy rain in the area had hampered recovery efforts ."
"so many people tried to help , and at great effort and sacrifice , and through the christmas holiday ."
"san francisco , california cnn the person mauled to death by a siberian tiger at the san francisco zoo on christmas was year old carlos sousa of san jose , california , the san francisco medical examiner s office said wednesday ."
"the area where the pound female named tatiana killed the teen and attacked two men was declared a crime scene . the survivors , whose identities have not been released , are in stable condition , according to a surgeon at san francisco general hospital ."
"they rested overnight after they were taken to the operating room for cleaning and closure of their wounds , dr . rochelle dicker told reporters . right now , i can tell you that they re in good spirits , and they look absolutely fantastic ."
san francisco police chief heather fong said police secured the area to gather evidence and witness statements .
"earlier , authorities searched the san francisco zoo four times and are certain that there are no more victims of the tiger , which escaped from her pen ."
they used infrared and heat sensing tools and also walked the area between where the tiger is believed to have gotten out of her cage and a cafe where the attacks took place .
"there were no other tigers that were lose in the zoo and no more victims , fong said wednesday ."
"tatiana was held in an exhibit area that included a foot moat and an foot wall , said zoo director manuel mollinedo ."
"it s possible the tiger jumped from her enclosure , but authorities have not determined how the animal escaped ."
"the zoo remained closed wednesday while officials investigated , mollinedo said ."
"the zoo is expected to reopen thursday , but the lion house , the zoo s big cat exhibit , will remain closed until we get a better understanding of what actually happened ."
cnn a judge sentenced six french aid workers to eight years hard labor wednesday after convicting them of trying to kidnap children in the central african country of chad .
"the judge also fined each of the six defendants to pay , , to each of the children , according the cnn paris based affiliate , bfm tv ."
"that order would require each defendant to pay a total of , , . million ."
"authorities detained members of the french charity , zoe s ark , in october as they tried to fly children from chad to france ."
"the charity said the children were orphans who had fled the nearby war torn sudanese region of darfur , but aid agencies later said the children were from chad , not sudan , and that they were not orphans ."
"the head of zoe s ark , eric breteau , said after the verdict that he and his colleagues may have been lied to about whether the children were from sudan or chad and whether they were orphans ."
"we are really sorry because our intention was never to separate families , he told france in n djamena , the capital of chad ."
"antonia van winkelverg , the wife of convicted aid worker philippe van winkelverg , blasted the sentence in an interview with france ."
"but chadian prosecutor alain kagonbe tld bfm tv it was a very merciful ruling , and if that ruling had been rendered by the french justice system it would have been the same ."
the court in chad also sentenced two people from chad and sudan to four years in prison .
"landslides triggered by heavy rains on the indonesian island of java have killed scores of people , with at least feared dead , a search and rescue official told cnn wednesday ."
"according to sutarso , who only goes by one name , about people are assisting with the search , but are not able to reach all areas ."
heavy equipment to help in clearing the debris is en route .
david beckham is eager to play under new england manager fabio capello despite the stormy relationship the two shared at real madrid .
capello dropped beckham from real madrid when the former england captain announced his move to play for the los angeles galaxy in major league soccer .
but beckham won back his place and helped madrid win the spanish league title last season .
"there were ups and downs with me and the manager at the time but he brought me back into the team and he had the belief in me to put me back in the team , beckham said ."
"capello , who has won trophies with four different clubs , was appointed manager of england s ailing team on december ."
"the alyeska resort , long considered a niche venue for locals and adventure skiers , is undergoing a million expansion to lure larger groups of winter vacationers , families especially , to the peaks of south central alaska ."
"the resort s owner , a wealthy real estate investor and self professed ski junkie from utah , has stoked big changes at the girdwood institution , from new conveyor belt lifts for beginners and snowmaking machines , to refurbished guest rooms and healthier menus ."
"iii , who bought the resort last year , is also negotiating with the u . s . forest service to build a lift that would open hundreds of acres of raw terrain in the chugach mountains to highly skilled off piste skiers and snow boarders ."
"but the top priority , byrne said , is making steep and rugged mount alyeska less daunting for novices ."
"alyeska has lots of great expert terrain , which i love , but what we really need now is more good beginner and intermediate terrain , byrne said by phone from his home in alta , utah . in the long run , we need to offer the complete package ."
"this season , the resort is offering new ski school classes and has carved out some mellower runs to give skiers and snowboarders more options on the mountain ."
"at the low end , group lessons start at for young children ."
"more than a month after cyclone sidr tore across bangladesh killing more than , people and affecting at least . million , photojournalist john cobb visited badly hit areas and contributed this story for cnn ."
"as i walked into rajashwer village in southern bangladesh , the only sign of human habitation was tarpaulins strung up along the river bank ."
the heart of the village looked as though it had been through a tumble dryer .
"possessions were knotted into the branches of fallen trees , corrugated metal roofs and wooden walls were scattered and smashed beyond repair ."
"the last time i saw such scenes was three years ago , in the aftermath of the indian ocean tsunami ."
"typical of many coastal villagers , kanchan has lost not only his home , but also his livelihood ."
"he is a fisherman , but most boats and nets were destroyed during the cyclone ."
"his neighbor , soleman khan , lost seven members of his family during the cyclone ."
"the body of soleman s eldest son was found , still clinging to his two dead children ."
the cyclone resulted in far fewer fatalities than the tsunami .
in large part this was due to an effective early warning system and training for people in disaster risk reduction .
but the united nations estimated it has nevertheless affected . million people and damaged or destroyed a quarter of a million homes .
"chicago cnn warren buffett s investment company announced tuesday it will pay . billion for percent of marmon holdings , a private company of more than manufacturing and service businesses ."
"berkshire hathaway , based in omaha , nebraska , said it plans to acquire the remaining percent of marmon over the next five to six years depending on future earnings of marmon , according to a statement released tuesday by both companies ."
"marmon is owned by trusts for the benefits of the pritzker family of chicago , the family that developed the hyatt hotel chain ."
"before the closing , marmon said it will make a substantial distribution of cash and certain assets to the selling shareholders , according to the statement ."
"brothers jay and robert pritzker acquired marmon in when it was a small manufacturing operation in ohio , according to the release ."
"in , jay s son tom pritzker took over as chairman ."
"our transaction was done just the way jay would have liked it to be done no consultants or studies , buffett said in the statement . i am pleased that over the next five to six years , we will be partnering and working . . . in continuing to build marmon ."
"billionaire investor buffett is ceo and chairman of berkshire hathaway , which has more than subsidiaries ."
"across all regions , the weekend snowstorm s death toll is at ."
"denver saw up to inches of snow , resulting in a handful of flight delays ."
united airlines canceled about flights in denver and some in chicago to catch up from delays caused by an earlier midwest storm .
"besides colorado , snow fell in parts of wyoming , minnesota and the nebraska panhandle , sometimes making travel difficult ."
"a semi trailer slid off interstate in wyoming and overturned near chappell during the snowstorm , and numerous other vehicles went into ditches on the interstate and other highways , cheyenne county sheriff s deputy fred wiedeburg said . no injuries were reported ."
"in nebraska , the most snow reported was inches , five miles north of harrisburg in banner county ."
"hong kong , china cnn supporters of deposed prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in the lower house of parliament , making them the clear favorites to lead a new government , according to official results , thailand s election commission announced tuesday ."
"according to apichart sukakanon , chairman of election commission of thailand , the people power party captured of seats in sunday s parliamentary elections , followed by the military backed democrat party with seats ."
the results will be ratified on jan . .
"earlier on tuesday , thaksin said he would return from exile early next year and face corruption charges against him ."
thaksin told a news conference in hong kong that he hoped to return by february st . valentine s day or april at the latest after thailand s new government is in place .
people power party leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by the ppp would put in place an amnesty to allow thaksin s return and amend the constitution to allow thaksin to eventually return to politics .
"nevertheless , the associated press reported that thaksin was adamant he would not return to politics ."
"i am quitting politics , i am not going back to politics . i will not take any political position except when they want any ideas , the ap reported him as saying ."
however he later indicated that he could change his mind if the situation in thailand changed .
samak is expected to be the next prime minister once he pulls together a coalition of parties that would give the ppp a majority of seats in parliament .
"samak moved quickly to establish a coalition , telling cnn in a phone interview that at least two other political parties had agreed to join the ppp ."
"thaksin , speaking in hong kong , said he would not return to politics after his return to thailand ."
he said that he and his family had suffered enough but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence .
"he congratulated the ppp for bringing back democracy to thailand and said that december , the date of the elections , should be known as a reconciliation day ."
"about , candidates from more than three dozen parties vied for the seats in the parliament s lower house ."
"in most cases , their names didn t appear on the ballot voters had to remember them by assigned numbers ."
the election commission is expected to look into fraud and irregularities cases on tuesday .
the lower house must open within days after the election day january .
"baghdad , iraq cnn dozens of people picking up cylinders of cooking gas were victims of a suicide car bomb attack tuesday morning in the northern iraqi city of baiji ."
"the explosion killed at least people and wounded others , a salaheddin police official said ."
a suicide car bomber slammed into a truck loaded with cooking gas cylinders at a checkpoint manned by iraqi soldiers and members of a local awakening council a grass roots movement that fights al qaeda in iraq .
"a number of people were killed in secondary explosions when cooking gas cylinders exploded , the police official said ."
iraqi security forces and u . s . led coalition forces were on the scene of the attack .
a u . s . military statement said the casualty toll was dead and wounded .
"baiji police chief saad nufoos was dismissed from his post as a result of the attack , according to an iraqi interior ministry official ."
baiji is about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
"in a second suicide attack , a bomber blew himself up in the middle of a funeral procession in western baquba , killing nine people and wounding others , a baquba police official said ."
casualties included members of another awakening council .
"among the dead was the local head of the brigades of th revolution , a former sunni insurgent group that is now an ally of the u . s . military ."
"according to police , the funeral was for auday mohammed hassan , also an awakening council member whom gunmen had killed inside his baquba house hours earlier ."
baquba is in diyala province about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
al qaeda in iraq fighters have launched aggressive attacks against awakening councils in diyala province in recent weeks .
"new delhi , india cnn call centers and other outsourced businesses such as software writing , medical transcription and back office work employ more than . million young men and women in india , mostly in their s and s , who make much more than their contemporaries in most other professions ."
"they are , however , facing sleep disorders , heart disease , depression and family discord , according to doctors and several industry surveys ."
experts warn the brewing crisis could undermine the success of india s hugely profitable outsourcing industry that earns billions in dollars annually and has shaped much of the country s transformation into an emerging economic power .
"heart disease , strokes and diabetes cost india an estimated billion in lost productivity in ."
"but the losses could grow to a staggering billion over the next years if corrective action is not taken quickly , said a study by new delhi based indian council for research on international economic relations ."
"the outsourcing industry would be hardest hit , it warned ."
health minister anbumani ramadoss wants to enforce a special health policy for employees in the information technology industry .
"the outsourcing industry has come under fire because the sedentary lifestyle of its employees combined with often stressful working conditions makes them more vulnerable to heart disease , digestive problems and weight gain than others ."
some complain of psychological distress .
a recent survey by dataquest magazine and technology consulting company idc showed sleep disorders topped health complaints among outsourcing industry workers .
"sleep and digestive disorders , doctors say , can grow into bigger problems"
"even hitler didn t wake up going , let me do the most evil thing i can do today . i think he woke up in the morning and using a twisted , backwards logic , he set out to do what he thought was good ."
"the quote was preceded by the writer s observation remarkably , will believes everyone is basically good ."
"over the weekend , dozens of celebrity gossip web sites posted articles about the comment , many saying that smith believed that hitler was a good person ."
i am incensed and infuriated to have to respond to such ludicrous misinterpretation .
"greeted by joyous relatives and a crowd of reporters , about iranian jews landed in israel on tuesday , leaving behind their lives in the islamic republic for new homes in the jewish state ."
family members screamed in delight and threw candy at the newcomers as they emerged into the airport reception hall after a long bureaucratic procedure .
"i feel so good , said yosef , ."
"he and his brother michael arrived with their parents and a sister and were greeted by their grandparents , who went to israel six years ago ."
the brothers declined to give their family name to protect relatives still in iran .
"the new arrivals were sponsored by the international fellowship of christians and jews , a charity that funnels millions of dollars from evangelical donors each year ."
"michael , , said he told all his friends where he was going , and they wanted to come along ."
"i was scared in iran as a jew , he"
"israel s military advocate general said the use of cluster bombs by the country s armed forces during last year s war with hezbollah in southern lebanon was done so in accordance with international law and , as a result , he will not file charges against any military officers who ordered their use ."
the findings were reported by brig . gen . avihai mendelblit on monday .
"based on the evidence gathered by the investigating officer , it was clear that the majority of the cluster munitions were fired at open and uninhabited areas , areas from which hezbollah forces operated and in which no civilians were present ."
the enormous collateral damage and civilian casualties in southern lebanon caused an outcry by rights groups and arabs governance about the use of cluster bombs .
"last january , preliminary findings of a state department investigation into israel s use of u . s . made cluster bombs in the war showed the israeli army likely violated agreements with the united states governing their use , a state department report said ."
"there may likely could have been some violations , state department spokesman sean mccormack said ."
"the state department sent a report to congress laying out the preliminary findings , he said ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn rescuers were searching through the night tuesday for hundreds of people who fell into a river after a footbridge collapsed during a religious festival in nepal ."
"they re still there , and they re still looking for bodies , journalist manesh shrestha told cnn from nepal s capital , kathmandu ."
"the suspension bridge in remote surkhet collapsed with as many as , hindu pilgrims on it , police said ."
"while many swam to safety , about people who were on the bridge were missing , police said . only bodies had been recovered so far ."
"rescuers took women and men to a hospital , police added ."
"the bridge collapsed because there were hundreds of people on it , said nepalese police officer nibandha budha . they had gone to the river for a three day hindu religious festival on the occasion of full moon ."
"the yard long bridge spanned the bheri river in the surkhet district , southwest of kathmandu ."
the river is fed by snow from the himalayas .
"seven hundred to , people were on the bridge when it gave way , budha said ."
"many people were just standing on the bridge rather than crossing it , adding to the stress on the structure , shrestha said ."
"he added that most of the people on the bridge were women and children , and that women in nepal are not encouraged to learn how to swim ."
"the bridge linked two temples involved in the festival , which was in its final day , he said ."
"nepalese soldiers , police officers and civilians were involved in the rescue effort , which was hampered by darkness and the remoteness of the location ."
a maoist insurgency that began in ended with a cease fire in november . the crown prince massacred members of the royal family and killed himself in .
a government was established in but dissolved in .
"cienfuegos , cuba cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez presided friday at a regional petroleum summit in cuba , pressing his efforts to counter u . s . influence in latin america and the caribbean by suggesting more of his neighbors could pay for cheap oil with goods or services in lieu of cash ."
"in his opening speech to the petrocaribe summit in cienfuegos , a southern coastal city about miles from havana , chavez said his plan to provide low cost oil to the region should go beyond financing mechanisms ."
"providing fuel in return for locally produced goods or services has been an option for some time under venezuela s current petrocaribe pact , which supplies oil to the region through long term , low interest financing ."
"chavez also called for creating an international fund to promote solar , wind , geothermal and other alternative energy sources ."
venezuela has the largest oil reserves outside the middle east .
it is south america s largest oil exporter and the fourth largest supplier of crude to the united states .
chavez said petrocaribe members collective debt for venezuelan crude is currently near . billion and is expected to grow to . billion by .
he is promoting petrocaribe as part of a larger effort to create a regional confederation from argentina to cuba that will help the region counter u . s . influence .
petrocaribe allows nations to repay venezuela over up to years with percent interest as long as the price of crude is above a barrel .
venezuelan oil minister rafael ramirez told reporters friday evening that petrocaribe would establish a group to look at ways its members could pay for crude with products or services without becoming burdened with financial debt .
"he called it a new mechanism , like the one we use with cuba ."
"staff at some of britain s busiest airports have voted to stage three strikes in the new year , their union said friday ."
"workers at seven airports , including london s heathrow and gatwick , decided to take action after airport operator baa announced its intention to change its employee pension plan , the unite union said ."
"unite said the strikes would lead to severe disruptions during a normally busy period , while baa called on the union to return to talks ."
"the first strike will be for hours on january , the second will be for the same length on january , and the third will be for hours starting january ."
"edinburgh , stansted , glasgow , aberdeen and southampton are the other airports affected ."
"london , england cnn the nine newest members of the european union were celebrating on friday after border controls officially were lifted , allowing them to move freely within the eu s passport free zone ."
"at midnight thursday , the eu expanded the zone to embrace the eastern and central european countries that joined in czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia ."
"the nine , including three former soviet republics , joined already enjoying the benefits under the schengen agreement ."
"european commission president josi manuel barroso welcomed the extension of the schengen zone , which will make it possible to travel , miles from estonia to portugal without having to show a passport ."
"together we have overcome border controls as man made obstacles to peace , freedom and unity in europe , while creating the conditions for increased security , barroso said ."
"the occasion was marked by special border ceremonies , including one on germany s eastern border with poland and the czech republic at zittau ."
barroso attended along with luminaries including german chancellor angela merkel and polish prime minister donald tusk .
"despite the celebrations , the expansion has prompted security fears that illegal immigrants , drug smugglers or terror suspects could find it easier to cross into europe from its eastern borders ."
"to counter these concerns , the european commission has spent billion euros . billion on security improvements along its eastern fringes , including thermal imaging to track illegal migrants ."
"since july , poland has seen a steep increase in the number of asylum seekers crossing into the country , many from chechnya"
"and other ex soviet states , the agency said in a statement ."
"the agency said there were reports that smugglers were spreading rumors that the borders would be closed to asylum seekers under the new arrangements , prompting the influx and leading to overcrowding at centers that house migrants in eastern poland ."
"although the new rules mean travelers can move freely without a passport , they can still be asked to carry documents by any of the countries concerned ."
"katmandu , nepal cnn nepal s governing coalition on sunday moved away from its long standing monarchy toward a republic , but the change will be implemented only after general elections slated to be held by next spring ."
"the seven parties , including the maoists , agreed to amend the constitution to include the phrase that nepal will be a federal democratic republic , arjun narsingh kc , a spokesman for the nepali congress party which heads the government , said in a telephone interview ."
"the agreement calls for the republic to be implemented only after the first meeting of the constituent assembly , kc said ."
"nepalis are slated to vote for the constituent assembly , thereby ending the year old monarchy and preparing the ground"
sunday s agreement with the former maoist rebels ends months of political deadlock that had stalled the peace process .
"the second time , slated for november , was delayed after the former maoist rebels pulled out of the government demanding that nepal be declared a republic and the electoral system be changed to one of full proportional representation ."
"more than , people were killed in the years of fighting in the country between the state and the communist rebels ."
"under sunday s agreement , percent of the members of the assembly will be elected through proportional representation and percent through a single winner voting system among the candidates ."
"a french journalist kidnapped while producing a television documentary about human trafficking in somalia said he is quite okay , and has been allowed to use a mobile phone to talk to his girlfriend in france , according to a short phone interview he gave to a somali journalist ."
"members of a tribal clan who took gwen le gouil hostage last wednesday have demanded an , ransom for his release , indicating the kidnapping is financial and not political , according to mohamad mohamed , the editor of radio garowe , which broadcasts from northern somalia s puntland province ."
the president of the breakaway somalia region of puntland has been critical of le gouil for traveling without government consent in the area to work
"another somali journalist a member of the same clan as the kidnappers took photographs showing le gouil appearing relaxed , in a cave with two guards standing behind him , their faces covered and holding ak machine guns ."
le gouil said he was unaware of what efforts were being made to pay the ransom and gain his release .
"blair , who had long been a member of the church of england , converted to the catholic faith during a mass held friday night at a chapel in london , the catholic church said ."
"it can be confirmed that tony blair has been received into full communion with the catholic church by cardinal cormac murphy o connor , the head of the church in england and wales , the church said in a statement ."
"i m very glad to welcome tony blair into the catholic church , the statement quoted murphy o connor as saying ."
for a long time he s been a regular worshipper at mass with his family and in recent months he s been following a program of formation for his reception into full communion .
"our prayers are with him , his family and his wife at this joyful moment in their journey of faith together , murphy o connor said ."
there had long been speculation that blair planned to convert to catholicism .
"his wife , cherie , is roman catholic , the couple s children have attended catholic schools , and blair had regularly attended catholic , rather than anglican , services ."
"blair , who is now a middle east peace envoy , met pope benedict xvi at the vatican in june ."
the former prime minister told the bbc this year that he had avoided talking about his religious views while in office for about years for fear of being labeled a nutter .
the church of england has said that less than percent of its members are regular churchgoers .
julio baptista scored the only goal of the game to give real madrid a win at bitter rivals barcelona sending the champions seven points clear in the primera liga and ending the catalan side s per cent home record this season .
"the time champions have points from their games , with barcelona in second place on points ."
neither side had many chances in a scrappy first minutes in which the biggest threats came from the free kicks of real winger wes sneijder .
"at the other end , real s iker casillas once again proved his credentials as one of the best goal keepers in europe when he produced two wonderful reaction saves in rapid succession to thwart ronaldinho and"
"a suicide bombing attack on a military convoy killed at least five civilians and one soldier sunday in troubled northwestern pakistan , an army spokesman and police said ."
"the dead and injured have been transported to a hospital , he said ."
"arshad provided no further details , but a local police official said that the attack in fact killed three soldiers ."
"queen elizabeth ii will use youtube to send out her th televised annual christmas message , a british sunday newspaper reported ."
"buckingham palace plans on posting archive footage on the video sharing web site , including her maiden christmas day television speech sent out to britain and its former colonies in , the sunday times reported ."
"the palace plans to post the first of the archive footage on the queen s royal youtube channel on sunday , the report said ."
"the royal channel is a way of bringing the queen s christmas message to more people of all ages across the world and keeping up with technological innovation as the queen has always done , the newspaper quoted a royal spokeswoman as saying ."
"cnn turkish warplanes sunday carried out a new round of attacks against kurdish rebel positions in northern iraq , iraq s deputy minister of kurdish regional government forces said ."
jabbar yawar said three planes bombed positions in a mountainous area north of irbil for about an hour .
"there were no civilian casualties , since civilians had abandoned the area due to fear of turkish attacks , yawar said , adding that he did not know whether any kurdish rebels were killed ."
"on saturday , turkish aircraft pounded the border area for more than two hours in hopes of routing pkk rebels , yawar said ."
"last week , turkey s ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country s maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states ."
"the pkk has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey , staging some attacks from northern iraq ."
the united states and the european union consider the group a terrorist organization .
"elsewhere in iraq , a roadside bomb targeting an iraqi army convoy killed at least two civilians and wounded four others in southeastern baghdad s zafaraniya district about a . m . sunday , according to an interior ministry official ."
"a bomb blast shattered windows of a home owned by the director of the human rights ministry s provisional branch in kut about miles south of baghdad injuring several residents early sunday , the official said ."
loyalists of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in thailand s parliamentary elections sunday in a striking rebuke to the generals who forced the billionaire populist from power in .
the failure of the pro thaksin people s power party to capture an absolute majority in the seat lower house of parliament opens the way for his opponents to form a government despite the ppp s substantial mandate .
complete results were due monday .
"i would like to call for all political parties to join us in forming a strong government , ppp leader samak sundaravej said at a news conference . i will certainly be the prime minister ."
"he said thaksin , who was in hong kong , had telephoned to offer his congratulations after hearing the results ."
the second place democrat party took seats .
"if the ppp succeeds in forming the government , the democrat party is ready to be in the opposition to protect the people s interest . however , if the ppp fails to form a government , the democrat party is also ready to form a government , said democrat party leader abhisit vejajjiva ."
"the ppp got most of its support from the rural north and northeast , where thaksin s programs , including universal heath care and generous village development funds , won a hard core following ."
"the democrats ran strongest in bangkok , where the movement to oust thaksin was centered ."
only seven parties of running won parliamentary seats .
"about percent of million eligible voters cast ballots for about , candidates ."
russian president vladimir putin is known for his political maneuvers .
"putin , a black belt , said friday that he and yasuhiro yamashita , a world and olympic judo champion from japan , have made an instructional video together ."
the news came after putin got a message of greeting from yamashita during an opening ceremony at toyota motor corp . s new assembly plant near his hometown of st . petersburg .
i think it will be coming out in january or february .
"two years ago , putin and yamashita attended a judo lesson in st . petersburg together , helping students practice holds at the judo school . he had met yamashita during a visit to tokyo the previous month ."
putin co authored a judo manual several years ago .
"his physical fitness helped build his popularity among russians after years with the hard drinking and chronically ill boris yeltsin , who died in april , as president ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice said friday that was a busy and challenging year , but also a positive one for u . s . foreign policy ."
"a year end news conference at the state department , rice said challenges remained in iraq but noted they were ones of how to build on gains made in the past year ."
"the so called surge of additional troops this year , she said , made an undeniable dent in curbing violence and restoring security in the country ."
"as for iran and syria , rice said the u . s . remains open to better relations , but negotiations with iran will stall as long as tehran keeps up the enrichment of uranium . as long as the iranians are talking and practicing enrichment , you re not going anywhere , she said . in fact , they are using the cover of negotiations to perfect enrichment technology ."
rice said she and president bush will work with israelis and palestinians and help turn their discussions into substantive agreements .
"in lebanon , the bush administration will support the government to help marginalize violent extremists , according to rice ."
rice said the united states has a one china policy and that the administration does not support independence for taiwan . she called taiwan s referendum to join the united nations under its name a provocative move .
rice also said the united states expected north korea to provide a comprehensive declaration of its nuclear
"she said the contention the united states has adopted a go it alone foreign policy , a recent accusation by republican presidential contender mike huckabee , was just simply ludicrous ."
"everton cemented their place in the last of the uefa cup with a superb group a victory at az alkmaar , ending the dutch club s proud unbeaten home record in europe that stretched back over matches ."
everton got off to a perfect start and took the lead after just seconds .
andrew johnson shook off the attentions of david mendes da silva to score at the near post .
it was the striker s fourth goal of the season he was also on target in the victory against west ham at the weekend .
"az hit back in the th minute when demmy de zeuw strode forward , but his effort cleared the bar ."
"however , they equalised in the th minute with a swift counter attack when graziano pelle clipped a shot into the corner after good work by simon cziommer ."
but everton regained the lead and made sure of four wins from four in group a for the third time in the th minute when james vaughan showed a cool head to send his effort into the corner after being set up by victor anichebe .
"the result means that az fail to qualify from the group , continuing their dismal season under coach louis van gaal ."
first year medical students are some of the biggest hypochondriacs around .
"bombarded with information about every disease under the sun , they start to imagine they have them all ."
"in their minds , every mole is skin cancer . a nosebleed is surely a sign of a tumor ."
"people get terribly anxious , says dr . arthur barsky , professor of psychiatry at harvard medical school . one woman who came to see me was convinced she had melanoma ."
"she brought in pages of color photos of various skin lesions , trying to figure out which one looked most like hers ."
"and now , because of the internet , we can all be first year medical students ."
we can all develop what s called medical student syndrome .
"of course , health information on the internet can be truly useful ."
"but how do you know when you re using it constructively , and when you ve gone off on a medical wild goose chase ?"
"i think it s fairly easy to cross that line , says robin dimatteo , a professor of psychology at the university of california , riverside ."
you feel worse after web surfing instead of better
"plan in advance what you want to find out , what the question is you re trying to answer , and how much time you re willing to spend on it , he says ."
"if you find yourself exceeding those limits , you should ratchet it down ."
"i was studying for an exam on the pancreas , and i became convinced i had a rare type of pancreatic tumor ."
thieves broke into the sao paulo museum of art and made off with paintings by pablo picasso and candido portinari in a brazen heist lasting three minutes thursday morning .
"this is a highly professional job , done by people who knew exactly what they were doing , said the lead sao paulo police investigator on the case , marcos gomes de moura ."
"everything indicates they were sent to do it by some wealthy art lover for his own collection someone who , although wealthy , was not rich enough to buy the paintings , moura added ."
"sao paulo police have sent alerts out to try to stop the paintings from leaving brazil , moura said ."
"security cameras captured video images of three men entering the museum but little else , and the images are of poor quality , he said ."
"police were interviewing museum employees in connection with the crime , but moura said all of the guards were longtime employees , none with less than years on the job ."
"local media reports estimated their value at around million , but cosomano and other curators said it is difficult to put a price on them because the paintings had not gone to auction ."
the company also said china s government controlled investment vehicle has invested billion to help replenish its capital .
"like citigroup and bear stearns before it , morgan stanley appears to have found the allure of deep sovereign fund coffers too good to resist ."
but will these funds eventually exact a pound of flesh for their investment ?
"morgan stanley may be taking a page out of the s wall street playbook , said boston university school of law professor charles whitehead , who spent years in the banking industry . however , there remains an open question about whether sovereign wealth funds raise issues unanticipated by earlier waves of purely private investors ."
"throughout the s , japanese investors armed with the strong yen snapped up high profile u . s . real estate deals like rockefeller center in new york city ."
"this time around , foreign governments , flush with dollars from either trade surpluses or oil , are sponsoring even bigger investments in financial companies that could give them a more influential role on wall street ."
"in october , bear stearns cos ."
"the chat , retrieved from a computer hard disk , was among new evidence prosecutors used to justify re arresting the three in november , hans mos said ."
"new technology that was not available to authorities in was utilized to find that chat and more between two of the three suspects as well as others , he said ."
"mos office said tuesday they will not prosecute the three in holloway s disappearance , effectively closing the case unless new evidence comes to light ."
"in the chat , mos told cnn s susan candiotti , one of the suspects said , the fact that she s dead is not good , referring to holloway ."
"but , he said , authorities did not find any further discussion of holloway s death or how she died ."
"she failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room ."
"rep . tom tancredo abandoned his long shot bid for the republican presidential nomination thursday and endorsed mitt romney s candidacy , saying the massachusetts republican can go the distance ."
"tancredo , a colorado republican , is a fierce proponent of stricter illegal immigration laws , but his campaign struggled to gain traction with republican primary voters , despite many naming illegal immigration as a top concern ."
put illegal immigration on the national agenda .
"i am ecstatic about the fact that we can say we have made remarkable progress along those lines , tancredo said during a press conference in des moines , iowa . according to newsweek , the tancredo campaign has already won ."
"after announcing he was dropping out of the race , tancredo endorsed romney s presidential bid , saying that romney supported his stance on illegal immigration and national security and that the former massachusetts governor could win the presidency ."
"of the likely republican iowa caucus goers interviewed for the poll , percent said immigration was the most important issue in deciding who they will support ."
"steve king of iowa , a friend of tancredo s who shares his tough approach on immigration , announced he was backing former sen . fred thompson of tennessee instead ."
"cnn buildings collapsed , power lines were knocked out and gas pipes ruptured when a powerful earthquake hit the northeastern coast of new zealand late thursday ."
"media reports in new zealand , citing the government , listed the quake reportedly felt as far south as the city of christchurch at . magnitude ."
the u . s . geological survey put it at . .
"but local resident phil robinson , who recently moved to new zealand from the united kingdom , told television new zealand that the quake had caused serious damage to the city ."
"everything was bedlam for about or seconds , robinson said . we gather several properties in town have been damaged . it s had a serious effect on lots of people in the city ."
robinson said communications were patchy and it was difficult to make telephone calls on both landlines and cell phones .
a spokesman for the ministry of civil defense and emergency management confirmed to the associated press that three buildings in gisborne had collapsed .
"most of the damage is utilities gas , water and electricity ."
"television new zealand said there were no reported injuries and that despite suffering minor damage , gisborne hospital was operating normally ."
the network reported eye witnesses saying the city of gisborne was covered in glass .
"mina , saudi arabia cnn the year old egyptian farmer spent years scraping together , to bring his wife and son here to perform islam s hajj pilgrimage ."
they have slept for days in tiny one person tents near the hajj s sacred sites and walked for miles from ritual to ritual despite his wife s bad knees .
but mohammed abdel salam ali said they were not going to let the hardship ruin their journey to answer god s calling .
"it s hard , but it s also beautiful , ali said thursday , sitting in his small plastic tent on the roadside at mina , the ancient spot in the desert outside mecca where for the second day more than million pilgrims stoned symbols of the devil ."
"for many muslims , performing the hajj is a lifelong dream , a chance to fulfill a requirement of their faith and win forgiveness for their sins ."
"the rituals at mina commemorate abraham s stoning of satan , who is said to have appeared three times to the prophet to tempt him ."
it is symbolized by three pillars long stone walls called the jamarat which pilgrims pelt with pebbles .
"on wednesday , the ritual s first day , pilgrims threw seven stones at the largest one ."
"on thursday and again on friday , they pelt all three with seven stones each ."
"over the years , the stoning ritual has been one of the most dangerous of the hajj , with stampedes that have killed scores ."
"a crush of pilgrims in killed people , and the following year more than were killed when several pilgrims tripped over baggage while others behind them kept pushing ahead ."
"after that accident , saudi authorities tore down the platform around the jamarat and built a new one with more entrances and exits , and they plan to expand it to a total of five levels in coming years ."
"cnn a few seconds could have made all the difference in the fate of a family who spent three days lost in the snowy california woods , according to the helicopter pilot who found them ."
"the father of the family , frederick dominguez , came running out of the culvert where they had sought shelter when family members heard the sound of the california highway patrol helicopter wednesday afternoon ."
"had he not been moving , we would not have seen him , because the tree line was very dense and he came climbing out of the culvert , helicopter pilot steve ward told cnn on thursday . we were just very lucky ."
"dominguez had arranged branches to spell the word help near the culvert , but rescuers didn t see that until they were turning the helicopter around after spotting dominguez ."
"dominguez and his three children had been lost in the snow since sunday , when they set out to cut down a christmas tree ."
"they sought shelter first in a lean to they made of branches , then in the culvert under a road ."
"dominguez said his daughter lexi , , was the first to hear the helicopter overhead ."
"thursday , lexi was hospitalized after complaining that her feet hurt ."
"trying to protect their cold , wet feet from frostbite was an ongoing problem while the four were lost in the forest ."
"through their three day ordeal , the oldest son , chris , , tried to keep his younger brother and sister optimistic ."
"but it was hard to stay hopeful lost in rugged terrain , in heavy snow , with no food and few warm clothes ."
"they removed their sodden socks in an effort to stay warm and dry while they waited for rescue , according to the rescuers who found them ."
"while the family huddled in the culvert , lexi led them in impromptu singalongs ."
"someone would say , sing this song , and i would be like , ok , she recalled ."
"the four were reported missing monday night by dominguez s former wife and the children s mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of , people north of sacramento ."
"seoul , south korea cnn president elect lee myung bak said thursday he would not shy away from criticizing north korea s authoritarian regime , the day after his landslide win ended a decade of liberal rule that has fostered unprecedented reconciliation on the divided peninsula , the associated press reported ."
"if we try to point out north korea s shortcomings , with affection , i think that would go a long way toward improving north korean society , ap reported ."
"the victory by lee of the conservative grand national party marks a shift to the right in seoul after a decade of liberal presidents who pursued a sunshine policy of engaging the north and largely refrained from criticism of its human rights record , ap reported ."
"lee pledged to work for a nuclear free korean peninsula and strengthen seoul s alliance with the united states . the most important thing is for north korea to get rid of its nuclear weapons , he said , ap reported ."
"the north s abandonment of its nuclear programs is the way for the north to develop its economy , lee said ."
he said the divided koreas can open a new era of cooperation through demilitarization .
"he also told reporters he will press north korea to improve its human rights record , ap reported ."
"lee , a former seoul mayor and hyundai executive currently facing investigation amid allegations of fraud , will take office in february ."
lee s main rival was chung dong young of the united new democratic party .
"chung , , a former television news anchor and unification minister , earlier told reporters he humbly accepted the people s choice . i hope president elect lee myung bak will do a good job for the country ."
third placed independent candidate lee hoi chang also congratulated lee .
supporters gathered outside the grand national party headquarters in seoul broke into cheers as television stations started to report news of lee s victory .
"lee , , broke from the pack of candidates by virtue of his rags to riches life story and his business background ."
"he had collected trash to put himself through college , then rose to become one of the youngest ceo s of hyundai construction , earning himself the nickname the bulldozer ."
"the frontrunner throughout the campaign , lee promised economic reform aimed at raising annual growth to seven percent per year and establishing south korea among the world s top seven economies ."
but the election was thrown into uncertainty monday when the national assembly voted to investigate accusations of fraud against him after political opponents released a video clip of him saying he founded an investment company at the center of stock manipulation charges .
"lee will take over from roh moo hun , who had promised reform and clean governance ."
"but scandal has marred his five year term , with a string of cabinet officials forced to resign over corruption allegations and roh himself surviving an impeachment attempt in ."
"critics have also challenged roh s economic policies , saying he raised taxes , created higher unemployment and caused real estate prices to soar ."
"at the same time , he improved relations with north korea and became only the second south korean president to meet with his counterpart in the north ."
roh offered his congratulations to lee on wednesday .
"we respect the people s choice shown in this election , presidential spokesman chen ho se on said in a statement , ap reported ."
lee is to take office in february .
families of the victims of northern ireland s worst terror attack in years of violence have criticized police over their handling of the case after a man accused of carrying out the atrocity was found not guilty on counts of murder .
sean hoey was cleared thursday on more than charges relating to the bombing in the town of omagh that killed people and wounded more than as well as other bombings and murders in northern ireland .
"it was an appalling catalogue of failure on behalf of the police , said michael gallagher whose son , aidan , was killed in the bombing ."
", forensic scientists and prosecution lawyers all shared responsibility for the courtroom failure ."
all the resources over the last nine and a half years have not got us anywhere .
senior police officers said they deeply regretted that victims and their families had not seen anyone brought to justice over the bombing .
"our primary focus will continue to bring all those responsible for these crimes , most notably the omagh bombing , before the courts , a police statement said . our investigations will continue and we would ask anyone with information about these crimes to come forward ."
the omagh bombing caused international outcry and gave fresh impetus to efforts to create a lasting peace between nationalist catholics and pro union protestants in northern ireland .
"the real ira , which broke away from the mainstream provisional ira to protest the northern ireland peace process , ultimately claimed responsibility ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn more militants from libya are turning up in iraq , u . s . military researchers say ."
u . s . military academy researchers studying documents note the continuing predominance of saudis among foreign fighters .
"but an apparent surge in libyans could be tied to the libyan islamic fighting group s lifg increasingly cooperative relationship with al qaeda , a west point report says ."
"the libyan group officially joined al qaeda on november , according to the report , called al qaeda s foreign fighters in iraq"
a first look at the sinjar records .
the page report reviewed documents seized in a september raid in the sinjar area close to the syrian border .
the data at that time was called an al qaeda rolodex by one official .
the report lists the identities of foreign nationals who entered iraq between august and august .
"of those , , or percent , were saudis , and , or . percent , were libyans , the report said ."
"others were from syria , yemen , algeria , morocco and jordan ."
the report said that previous research found no more than percent of foreign fighters were libyan . but the records indicate that libyans began arriving in iraq almost all by way of syria in greater numbers in may .
"the report said that most of these recruits hail from cities in northeastern libya , where jihadi linked militants have a strong presence and that libyan fighters were more likely than other nationalities to be labeled as suicide bombers ."
"recent political developments in afghanistan and pakistan , the prevalence of libyan fighters in iraq , and the evidence of a well established smuggling route for libyans through egypt , suggests that libyan factions primarily the libyan islamic fighting group are increasingly important in al qaeda , the report said ."
"the average age of the fighters was to , and the median age was to ."
the age of the oldest fighter crossing into iraq was and the youngest was .
"the report cited several weaknesses among the militants that can be exploited , including political disagreements within the ranks ."
"colombo , sri lanka cnn science fiction writer arthur c . clarke listed three wishes on his th birthday"
"for the world to embrace cleaner energy resources , for a lasting peace in his adopted home , sri lanka , and for evidence of extraterrestrial beings ."
"i have always believed that we are not alone in this universe , he said in a speech to a small gathering of scientists , astronauts and government officials sunday in colombo where he lives ."
"the british born author , who moved to sri lanka in , has written more than sci fi books , including"
a space odyssey .
"clarke , who suffers from post polio syndrome and is confined to a wheelchair , cut a cake as sri lanka s president , visiting astronauts and scientists sang happy birthday ."
"sometimes i am asked how i would like to be remembered , clarke said . i have had a diverse career as a writer , underwater explorer and space promoter ."
nedo sonetti resigned as coach of serie a bottom club cagliari on wednesday and marco giampaolo refused an offer to return in charge of the struggling italian outfit .
"the first time was in december , but the club reinstated him in february and he helped them avoid relegation ."
"last month , cagliari sacked giampaolo again and rehired sonetti who had also coached the club previously ."
"dignity and pride don t have a price , read a statement released by giampaolo s lawyer , according to the ansa news agency ."
"cagliari lost at home against inter milan at the weekend , keeping the club in last place in the serie a ."
washington cnn the bush administration on wednesday called pernicious and troubling a new york times article on the white house s role in the destruction of cia interrogation tapes .
"citing unnamed administration officials , the times article says at least four top white house lawyers took part in discussions with the cia between and over whether to destroy videotapes of the interrogations of two al qaeda operatives ."
"among those involved in the discussions , according to the times sources , were former white house counsel and later attorney general alberto gonzales and former supreme court nominee harriet miers , who succeeded gonzales as white house counsel ."
"and john b . bellinger iii , who was the national security council s top lawyer until january ."
"a subheadline on the times article reads , white house role was wider than it said ."
"the new york times inference that there is an effort to mislead in this matter is pernicious and troubling , and we are formally requesting that nyt correct the sub headline of this story , a statement from the white house press secretary s office says ."
the white house release said administration officials have generally declined to comment on the matter and denied making any misleading statements .
it said the no comment policy would continue .
"we will instead focus our efforts on supporting the preliminary inquiry under way , where facts can be gathered without bias or influence and later disseminated in an appropriate fashion , it said ."
one source told the times that some officials expressed vigorous sentiment for destroying the tapes .
others asserted that no one at the white house supported the tapes destruction .
"cnn the only copy of the magna carta in the united states , regarded as the earliest declaration of human rights , will be returned to the national archives by the man who purchased it for more than . million ."
"the document , which was on loan to the archives from until earlier this year , was sold tuesday at sotheby s auction house in new york ."
"the vellum manuscript , which dates back to , was issued by king edward i and is credited with memorializing the rights of man into english law ."
"it is one of known documents , grouped under the collective heading of the magna carta , conceived of as the foundation for liberty and democracy ."
"the winning bid came from david rubenstein , former aide to the carter administration , and co founder and managing director of the carlyle group , a global private equity firm based in washington d . c , according to sotheby s ."
rubenstein expressed his intention to return the manuscript to the national archives in washington where it had been displayed alongside the declaration of independence and the constitution of the united states .
"he said he feared the only copy in america would escape , and described his purchase as a gift to the american people ."
"the magna carta previously was owned by the perot foundation , who purchased it from an english family in ."
the most extraordinary document in the world was placed up for auction and the most perfect outcome was achieved .
"gauhati , india cnn a man who stuck his arm into the tiger enclosure at a zoo in northeast india bled to death wednesday after two big cats tore off his limb as his family and dozens of visitors watched , a zoo official said ."
"the man , identified as year old jayaprakash bezbaruah , avoided zoo safety precautions in an apparent attempt to photograph the two adult bengal tigers up close , said gauhati zoo warden narayan mahanta ."
the animals grabbed his limb and tore it apart at the shoulder .
"bezbaruah , who had been visiting the zoo with his wife and two children , was rushed to a local hospital but died of blood loss , said mahanta ."
"i have never encountered such a bizarre incident in my years as a wildlife official . it was shocking , mahanta said ."
"an online commentator who said next year s beijing olympics would force ordinary chinese to live like pigs and dogs has been detained for nearly a week on a charge of subversion , his wife said wednesday ."
"though beijing encourages internet use for business and education , it tightly controls web content , censoring anything it considers critical of or a threat to the communist party ."
press freedom and human rights groups say china has jailed dozens of people for writings posted online .
"wang dejia , who uses the pen name jing chu , has written numerous online articles about sensitive topics in china for example , backing taiwan s bid for u . n . membership and criticizing beijing for human rights abuses against journalists and dissidents ."
"officers confiscated his computer , memory cards , books and banking documents ."
"the public security bureau said he was anti communist , she told the associated press in a telephone interview ."
"family members were told they were not allowed to visit wang , who had often been under surveillance but never previously detained , his wife said ."
"in july , he told the epoch times , a newspaper linked to the banned falun gong spiritual movement , that china s central government was ignoring the needs of common chinese in the lead up to the olympics ."
"instead , he said , the communist party was most concerned about cracking down on dissidents and building new venues ."
"a pakistani express train derailed early wednesday morning , killing at least people and injuring at least others , police said ."
"the karachi express was traveling from karachi to lahore , carrying more than , people when it derailed at about a . m . p . m . et tuesday near the town of sialabad , about miles km north of karachi , railway officials said ."
journalist aftab borka reported from the scene that about of the cars in the train were off the tracks and overturned .
"rangers , police and local residents responded for rescue work , according to railway officials , who said another train has arrived at the crash location to carry the injured to lahore ."
"other injured were taken to a nearby hospital , junaid qureshi , director of operations for pakistan railways , told cnn . he said the number of casualties is expected to rise ."
"the cause of the derailment was unknown , he said , and officials have not ruled out the possibility it was the result of a terrorist attack ."
the associated press reported that officials said at least people had been killed and injured .
"political leaders cobbled together a five party interim government wednesday , ending days of political deadlock and acrimony that revealed how differently dutch speaking and francophone belgians see the future of their bilingual nation ."
that will also give more time to agree on constitutional reforms designed to grant more autonomy to dutch speaking flanders and francophone wallonia .
"guy verhofstadt , the outgoing premier , is to be sworn in friday as head of the interim cabinet of christian democrats and liberals each split into dutch and french speaking camps and francophone socialists ."
"the united states is pushing japan to suspend its hunt of humpback whales , and the american ambassador to tokyo said wednesday an agreement to stop it may have already been reached ."
japan dispatched its whaling fleet last month to the southern pacific in the first major hunt of humpbacks since the s .
word of a possible delay in the hunt came as the australian government said it would send planes and a ship to conduct surveillance of japanese whaling ships off antarctica .
"i think we had an agreement this morning or last night between the united states and japan that humpback whales would not be harvested , i think , until maybe the international whaling conference in june , schieffer said ."
"a japanese official said there was no written agreement to halt the hunt , but acknowledged that tokyo could be considering changes to its whaling program in light of the fierce international opposition to the hunt ."
"to take the concerns and anger of australian people and other people into consideration , i think the japanese government has started to have an intensive discussion about what steps should be taken , said tomohiko taniguchi , a foreign ministry spokesman ."
"but at the moment i have heard no action , or no decision as to whether or not any sort of halt would be done this time around during this research season , he said ."
"japan takes more than , whales a year under the scientific program allowed under international whaling commission rules ."
"this year , japan plans to take some humpbacks ."
hamas leader ismail haniya has said he would be willing to negotiate a cease fire with israel but israel is reacting coolly .
"speaking by phone to an israeli television reporter , haniya said such a deal would call for hamas to stop firing rockets into israel and for an end to the israeli military s targeted killings of palestinian militants ."
haniya s remarks were first reported tuesday night .
the overture follows a series of punishing israeli attacks against palestinian militants in the past two days .
"at least people have been killed , including a senior leader of the radical islamist group islamic jihad ."
but israeli officials were dismissive of haniya s comments .
israeli president shimon peres called haniya s comments a pathetic attempt to move international attention from the crimes of hamas and the islamic jihad of shooting at innocent civilians .
"he said if militants stopped firing rockets , then israel will immediately hold its fire , so there is no need for negotiations ."
"shaul mofaz , one of israel s deputy prime ministers , told israeli radio mediation is something to think about , but one thing needs to be made clear til the firing stops , we must continue with the policy that we are taking in gaza and not stop for even one hour ."
"israel has refused to negotiate with hamas , which took control of gaza in june , until it agrees to submit to international benchmarks including the renouncing of violence and recognition of the jewish state ."
"since june , gaza has been living under tough economic sanctions put in place by israel and the international community , prompting an increasingly dire humanitarian situation in the coastal region of . million people ."
"according to the israeli military , more than , rockets and mortars have been fired from gaza into israel since israel pulled out its troops and settlements from gaza in ."
the military said the number of rocket attacks has more than doubled since hamas seized control of gaza in june .
"france is willing to take in colombian guerrillas as part of a deal to secure the release of hostages held by the country s leftist rebel group , the french prime minister said wednesday ."
"french prime minister francois fillon said the guerrillas , imprisoned in colombia , could be freed in france as part of a swap deal with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc ."
"in exchange , farc then would release the hostages it holds deep in colombia s jungles , he said ."
former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt who has dual french colombian nationality is among the farc s hostages in colombia .
the french government has made betancourt s release a priority .
"new york cnn now that year old jamie lynn spears has a bun in the oven , the young actress and singer s budding career may be over before it had a chance to really take off ."
"with her bright brown eyes and adorable , small town girl smile , jamie lynn has charmed millions of young viewers for the past three years , as the star of zoey ."
the hit nickelodeon sitcom is about a group of girls who help integrate an all boys academy .
"the series , which is one of the highest rated on the nickelodeon channel , earned an emmy nomination in for outstanding children s program ."
"in , spears won the kids choice award for favorite television actress ."
"she appeared to be doing all the right things , at least publicly ."
"no club hopping , no tales of drug or alcohol abuse ."
"playing the role of the good girl to her older sister s naughty reputation , was great for jamie lynn s clean image and could have ultimately been good for her bank account ."
"in a year when the high school musical soundtrack is the second best selling cd of the year and the hannah montana tour is the most in demand concert ticket , to lose the children s entertainment market as jamie is certainly in danger of doing is a huge problem , said joe levy , managing editor of rolling stone magazine ."
"now that she s morphed from role model to cautionary tale , whether jamie lynn s fans will abandon her remains to be seen ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil cnn not even santa is safe in rio de janeiro ."
"a helicopter carrying a santa claus to distribute gifts at a christmas party came under fire when it flew over a rio shantytown , authorities said wednesday ."
"the chopper was hit by two rifle shots sunday , but no one was injured and the aircraft returned safely to its base , police inspector aldari vianna said by telephone ."
"gang members apparently attacked the helicopter thinking it belonged to the police , vianna said ."
"it s not unusual for gangs to shoot at police helicopters in rio de janeiro , one of the most violent cities in the world , with a homicide rate of about per , people ."
"the santa claus , who did not want to identify himself , was later"
transported by car to the party for children in another poor neighborhood where he distributed about gifts .
"as a santa claus , i was very sad to see the children frustrated , he said , according to the agencia estado news service . they were expecting santa to arrive by helicopter and that didn t happen ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn coalition forces found bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained torture complex with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday ."
"the troops were conducting an operation north of muqdadiya , iraq , when they made the discovery ."
"from december , the troops who found the complex also killed people they said were terrorists and detained suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit ."
the moves were part of an operation called iron reaper that has been in progress across northern iraq for the past few weeks .
"and operating base , the military said ."
iraqis had told the military about the site during an earlier operation .
"evidence of murder , torture and intimidation against local villagers was found throughout the area , the military statement said ."
ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility .
"as they cleared the area , they found several bodies ."
"eventually , bodies were uncovered in mass graves next to what were thought to be execution sites , the military said ."
"the detention facility was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said . one of the facilities appeared to have served as a headquarters building and a torture facility , it added ."
"the operation netted nine weapons caches , which have been destroyed , the military said ."
"they included anti aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than machine guns and pistols , grenades and a surface to air missile launcher and platform , the statement said ."
"also found were mines , pipe bombs , rocket propelled grenades , mortar tubes and rounds and pounds of homemade explosives ."
most saudi arabia citizens interviewed in a poll oppose terrorism and want closer ties with the united states .
"ten percent of saudis have a favorable view of the al qaeda terrorist network , according to a survey by terror free tomorrow , an international public opinion research group based in washington ."
"fifteen percent said they have a favorable view of al qaeda s leader , saudi exile osama bin laden , the poll found ."
"i think that the people of saudi arabia have so overwhelmingly turned against bin laden , al qaeda and terrorism in general that nine out of of them look at all three unfavorably , the group s president , ken ballen , said monday ."
"though the desert monarchy s ruling family has close ties to the united states , it was also the home of of the suicide hijackers behind al qaeda s september , , attacks on new york and washington ."
"the kingdom also has been the target of a spate of al qaeda attacks since the invasion of iraq , and the origin of a large share of the islamic militants implicated in suicide bombings in iraq ."
"pollsters questioned , saudi adults in arabic between november and december , according to the group ."
brazil midfielder kaka completed a virtual sweep of annual awards monday by winning fifa s world player of the year accolade for .
"the milan playmaker received , points , ahead of argentine lionel messi on and portugal s cristiano ronaldo with in a vote by national team captains and managers ."
"on the women s side , marta of brazil captured the award with points , ahead of birgit prinz of germany with and cristiane of brazil with ."
he also won european soccer s golden ball and world soccer magazine s player of the year award .
"tonight is a really special night for me , kaka said after being handed the trophy ."
"he is the fifth different brazilian to win the title joining ronaldo who has won the trophy three times ronaldinho , romario and rivaldo ."
"when i was young , i dreamed of becoming a professional player for sao paolo and playing one game for the national team , kaka said ."
"before the award ceremony at zurich s opera house , kaka owed his success this year to his club ."
kaka led milan to a victory over liverpool in the champions league final last season .
"while planning her vacation to new york , lisa werness was so horrified by the prices in manhattan that she opted for cheaper lodging in brooklyn where she scored a room rate of just a night . don t remind me ."
"now , with , hotel rooms under construction in the city a growth of more than percent that crunch could ease ever so slightly in the coming months ."
"by comparison , it took from to to make a leap of the same size ."
"one of the challenges that new york has always had is having enough rooms for tourists , said sean hennessey , ceo of industry consulting firm lodging investment advisors ."
"most of the time the corporate travelers are willing to pay more than the tourists , and the tourists kind of get crowded out ."
"but it has fewer hotel rooms than less popular spots including las vegas , chicago , the los angeles metro area and atlanta , according to smith travel research ."
"the resulting shortage leads many travelers seeking an affordable room to head far afield of the usual tourist draws , and hotel developers have taken notice , with new lodging under construction or recently opened in brooklyn , queens , the bronx , long island and beyond ."
"even with the weak dollar making his trip to new york a bargain , london resident mike jones still found the price tag on his brooklyn hotel room shocking ."
"all the hotels in manhattan are pretty much full at whatever rate they want to charge , said the year old , whose travel agent"
"even when he decided to stay in brooklyn for its cheaper prices , he ended up with a bill for close to a night , he said , adding , that s crazy ."
"saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported"
"al jazirah newspaper quoted a saudi justice ministry official saying king abdullah issued a royal pardon monday the same day that the hajj , the annual muslim pilgrimage to mecca , begins in saudi arabia ."
"the victim s husband told cnn he has not received an official letter regarding her pardon , but considers it to be legitimate since it was announced in an official saudi newspaper ."
"he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying this fatherly care and noble gesture will help in lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring ."
"saudi sources told cnn that the king s pardon was not related to the beginning of the hajj nor the eid al adha festival that follows , which is normally when the saudi monarch issues amnesty for prisoners ."
"saudi arabia s justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al sheikh told al jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system ."
"the white house welcomed king abdullah s decision , but national security council spokesman gordon johndroe stressed that this is obviously a matter for the saudi arabians and king abdullah ."
"a major donors conference to raise funds for the palestinians has gone beyond expectations , with donors pledging . billion to help build a palestinian state , organizers said monday ."
"other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently ."
palestinian prime minister salam fayyad called the pledge of money a vote of confidence in the palestinians .
former british prime minister tony blair said the support of donors needed to be repaid in the coming months with steps to create a lasting settlement .
"over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of"
"the paris conference focuses on short term priorities for the palestinians , and french president nicolas sarkozy said those include providing immediate support for the palestinian people particularly those living in gaza and stabilizing the palestinian economy ."
it follows on the heels of last month s peace talks in the u . s . in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final status agreement by the end of .
"french president nicolas sarkozy said france would donate million , and the united states was expected to pledge more than million ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn researchers in a remote jungle in indonesia have discovered a giant rat and a tiny possum that are apparently new to science , underscoring the stunning biodiversity of the southeast asian nation , scientists said monday ."
unearthing new species of mammals in the st century is considered very rare .
the discoveries by a team of american and indonesian scientists are being studied further to confirm their status .
"the animals were found in the foja mountains rainforest in eastern papua province in a june expedition , said u . s . based conservation international , which organized the trip along with the indonesian institute of science ."
"the giant rat is about five times the size of a typical city rat , said kristofer helgen , a scientist with the smithsonian institution in washington . with no fear of humans , it apparently came into the camp several times during the trip ."
the possum was described as one of the worlds smallest marsupials .
a expedition to the same stretch of jungle dubbed by conservation international as a lost world because until then humans had rarely visited it unearthed scores of exotic new species of palms and butterflies .
"papua has some of the world s largest tracts of rainforest , but like elsewhere in indonesia they are being ravaged by illegal logging ."
"scientists said last year that the foja area was not under immediate threat , largely because it was so remote ."
"it s comforting to know that there is a place on earth so isolated that it remains the absolute realm of wild nature , said expedition leader bruce beehler ."
"london , england cnn princess diana denied any intention of marrying dodi fayed in a conversation just a few days before the couple died , a friend testified monday ."
"lady annabel goldsmith , testifying at the british inquest into the couple s deaths , said diana had remarked that she needed another marriage like a rash on my face ."
"goldsmith , , said she would never forget those words because they were the last she had heard from diana ."
"fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed the couple was the target of a plot directed by queen elizabeth ii s husband , prince philip partly motivated , he alleges , by a desire to prevent diana from marrying a muslim ."
"goldsmith said monday that diana clearly was having a wonderful time with fayed , reporting that she had never been so spoiled ."
"she might have been having a wonderful time with him , i m sure , but i thought her remark that she needed marriage like a rash meant that she was not serious about it ."
other witnesses have questioned whether the romance had developed to the stage of an intention to marry .
"diana s friend rosa monckton last week testified that it was difficult to judge the intensity of diana s romance with fayed , but monckton said it was clear to me that she was really missing hasnat khan , a heart surgeon with whom she had had an affair ."
monckton testified that diana said nothing of an engagement during a telephone conversation on august .
"she would have called me if she was going to do that , monckton said ."
monckton also disputed al fayed s claim that diana was pregnant .
goldsmith also rejected the pregnancy claim .
"diana s stepmother , raine , countess spencer , testified that she also doubted the couple were engaged but thought it highly likely that the relationship could have progressed to marriage ."
"central islip , new york cnn a jury on monday convicted a millionaire couple of enslaving two indonesian women they brought to their mansion to work as housekeepers ."
"mahender murlidhar sabhnani , , and his wife , varsha mahender sabhnani , , were each convicted of all charges in a count federal indictment that included forced labor , conspiracy , involuntary servitude , and harboring aliens ."
prosecutors said the women were subjected to repeated psychological and physical abuse and were forced to work hours or more a day .
"the sabhnanis , who have four children and operate a worldwide perfume business out of their muttontown home on long island s gold coast , could face up to years in prison , although attorneys predicted the punishment would be considerably"
"he is from india , and she is from indonesia , but both are naturalized u . s . citizens ."
"one of the couple s daughters , dakshina , collapsed in the front row as the verdict was read , prompting the judge to clear the courtroom while medical personnel attended to her ."
defense attorney jeffrey hoffman said he would appeal .
"apparently , the jury was taken by the histrionics . . . of the indonesian women , he said ."
"fellow defense lawyer stephen scaring said another of the sabhnanis children , daughter tina , told him"
"we never did anything to anybody , how could this happen to us in america ?"
prosecutors refused to comment until court proceedings were completed .
prosecutors called it a case of modern day slavery . assistant u . s . attorney mark lesko said in closing arguments the poorly educated women worked as housekeepers for or a month all of which was sent to their relatives back home .
"lesko said the women , known only as samirah and enung , were subjected to punishment that escalated into a cruel form of torture that ended when one of the women fled on mother s day ."
"allegations of abuse included beatings with brooms and umbrellas , slashings with knives , being made to repeatedly climb stairs and take freezing cold showers as punishment for misdeeds that included sleeping late or stealing food from trash bins because they were poorly fed ."
"samirah , the woman who fled the house in may , said she was forced to eat dozens of chili peppers and then was forced to eat her own vomit when she failed to digest"
"the peppers , prosecutors said ."
"this did not happen in the s , lesko said . this happened in the st century ."
"enung testified that samirah s nude body once was covered in plastic wrapping tape on orders from varsha sabhnani , who then instructed enung to rip it off ."
they also said the couple went on frequent vacations that would have given the two women ample opportunity to flee .
"the sabhnanis spent nearly three months in jail until a judge approved a bail package that required them to post . million and pay an estimated , a day for security monitoring while they were kept under house arrest ."
"moscow , russia cnn russia said monday it has begun fuel deliveries to an atomic power station in iran that has been at the center of international concerns over tehran s nuclear program ."
"atomstroiexport , russia s nuclear power equipment and service export monopoly , completed the first stage of deliveries on sunday , the russian federal atomic energy agency said ."
"the head of iran s atomic energy organization , reza aghazadeh , was quoted by iran s fars news agency as telling iranian state television that the shipment arrived monday ."
"atomstroiexport , the russian monopoly , is building the billion bushehr plant under the control of the international atomic energy agency iaea , the united nations nuclear watchdog agency ."
the russian foreign ministry and nuclear officials said the fuel delivery was under full iaea safeguards .
"the bushehr plant is percent completed and i promise the iranian nation that the electricity generated by this nuclear plant will enter the country s electricity network next year , aghazadeh said , in comments carried by fars ."
"a statement on the russian foreign ministry s official web site monday said iran had provided additional written guarantees that the fuel can only be used at and for the bushehr plant , and that the spent fuel will be returned to russia for utilization and storage ."
"construction of the plant was expected to be completed in september , interfax said , but was delayed because of lack of financing and delayed equipment deliveries from other countries ."
"atomstroiexport hopes to announce a new date for completing the construction in late december , interfax said ."
"boston , massachusetts cnn northern new england should brace for as much as inches of snow as a winter storm , blamed for three deaths , blows through the great lakes states late sunday ."
"motorists slid off roads as the storm cut visibility and iced over highways with drifts , sleet and freezing rain ."
"the national weather service posted winter storm warnings from michigan , which could get inches of snow in some areas , to indiana and all the way to maine ."
"about a foot of snow had fallen in parts of chicago and ann arbor , michigan , with inches in vermont ."
"our biggest advice right now is stay home , said maine state police sgt . andrew donovan ."
"visibility in the blowing snow was less than yards , and in stronger gusts if there s a car in front of you , you can t even see it , he said ."
"every available plow truck was at work in vermont , said reggie brown , highway department dispatcher in montpelier . everybody s out and running , he said ."
"illinois department of transportation spokesman mike claffey said , trucks were out clearing snow sunday ."
"the hancock county sheriff s office in northwestern ohio declared roads off limits to nonemergency vehicles , threatening anyone else traveling through the county with arrest ."
wind gusts as high as mph blew snow around and diminished visibility .
"the storm canceled hundreds of flights at airports in chicago , where midway airport measured inches of snow sunday morning ."
"in maine , most of portland international jetport s inbound and outbound flights were canceled , said city transportation director jeff monroe ."
numerous flights were canceled at buffalo niagara international airport .
many churches called off sunday services because of the hazardous driving conditions .
"i don t want folks to venture out because we re having church and they feel obligated , the rev . glenn mortimer said after calling off services at wakefield lynnfield united methodist church in wakefield , massachusetts ."
he noted that some people still hadn t completely dug out from thursday s storm that dumped more than a foot of snow on parts of massachusetts .
both eastern michigan university and the university of connecticut postponed winter commencement ceremonies scheduled for sunday .
"at giants stadium in east rutherford , new jersey , strong winds collapsed a fabric dome used for hospitality events before and after games ."
the storm also didn t stand in the way of dedicated christmas shoppers .
"the reason we came out in the storm early , early , is that we knew there would be no lines , michael mcgrath , , of boston , said as he stomped along partly shoveled downtown sidewalks ."
it was true . the stores were empty .
slippery roads were blamed for two traffic deaths in michigan and one in wisconsin .
"more than , customers were blacked out sunday in parts of pennsylvania , utilities reported ."
"scattered outages caused by heavy snow and freezing rain also were reported in vermont , state officials said ."
"the storm came less than a week after an ice storm blamed for at least deaths , mostly in traffic accidents , in the middle of the country ."
"thousands of homes and business still had no electricity in parts of oklahoma , kansas and missouri ."
cnn osama bin laden s top lieutenant warned in a video statement released sunday that iraqi tribal leaders who side with u . s . troops against al qaeda fighters would face reprisals when americans leave iraq .
"i warn those individuals from among the armed factions who have been involved in cooperation against the mujahedeen that history is recording everything , and that they will lose both their religion and life , ayman al zawahiri said ."
"the americans will soon be departing , god permitting , and won t keep defending them forever ."
"and let them look at the fate of america s agents in vietnam and the fate of the shah of iran . intelligent is he who learns from other s mistakes , he added ."
al qaeda s no . called such iraqi leaders traitors and scum .
"al zawahiri also criticized lebanon s hezbollah leader , hassan nasrallah , for agreeing to let the western backed lebanese government determine whether the disputed , israeli held territory known as shebaa farms belongs to lebanon or syria ."
"the criticism marked a reversal for the al qaeda leader , who had praised hezbollah s performance in the month long war between the shiite militia and israeli troops ."
"asia s dynamic economic growth is expected to slow modestly in as its biggest economies grapple with emerging problems , from inflation in china to appreciating currencies in india and japan ."
the expected slowdown in the u . s . economy a vital export market and higher oil prices also cloud asia s outlook .
"in china , worries persist that the economy is overheating ."
"inflation hit a peak of . percent this year , while real estate and stock prices also have soared , posing a challenge to policymakers whose options are limited by china s continued controls on the currency and capital markets ."
"nearly two thirds of americans say they believe the constitution guarantees each person the right to own a gun , according to a poll released sunday ."
"in all , percent said they thought the constitution ensures that right , and percent said it did not ."
men and people living in rural areas were most likely to say the constitution guarantees the right to own a gun .
"nearly three quarters of men percent said they believed so , versus percent who did not ."
"more than half percent of women said they believed so , versus slightly more than a third percent who did not ."
"a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed upon ."
some have interpreted those words to mean that everyone has a right to own a gun others say the amendment protects only the right of citizens to form a militia .
"men and women draped in white robes circled the kaaba , islam s holiest site , seven times in a ceremony anticipating the official start of the pilgrimage on monday ."
"king abdullah has invited , guests to this year s hajj , including iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
"during the next two days , an estimated . million pilgrims will move out of mecca to mount arafat for tuesday s climax of symbolically stoning the devil ."
"by friday , more than . million pilgrims had arrived in mecca , according to the central hajj committee ."
"the health ministry said about pilgrims , many who were elderly , have died of natural causes since arriving ."
the pilgrims are massed in tent cities on the outskirts of mecca .
"for many believers , the hajj is a once in a lifetime chance to cleanse their sins in what is one of the most important rites for muslims ."
"this year s hajj takes place amid increasing worries across the islamic world over the bloodshed in iraq and afghanistan and recent terror attacks by al qaeda linked groups , including last week s twin suicide bombings in algeria that killed at least people ."
"tensions also have increased between the two main sects of islam , sunnis and shiites , who come together in the five days of hajj rituals centered around mecca , the traditional birthplace of islam s prophet muhammad ."
saudi arabia and other gulf arab countries who are all u . s . allies have been worried over iran s increasing regional influence .
saudi interior minister prince nayef bin abdul aziz said the kingdom is capable of maintaining security and preventing any attempt to threaten the safety of the pilgrims .
"maj . gen . saleh mohammed al shihri , commander of the central control of the hajj security , said , cameras have been placed in several areas to monitor the area . several helicopters , fitted with these cameras , will also hover over the pilgrims ."
nayef said no extra security precautions will be put in place for ahmadinejad .
"the iranian leader was scheduled to arrive in mecca on monday , iranian state media has reported ."
"around , african national congress delegates were expected to vote late sunday for their choice to head the party ."
"mbeki , who is facing a leadership challenge from jacob zuma , the anc s charismatic deputy president , made a nearly three hour speech to delegates in which he acknowledged the splits in the party ."
"he also took a veiled swipe at zuma , saying the anc needed leadership seized with ethical fervor ."
zuma was sacked by mbeki as vice president in after his financial adviser was jailed for corruption .
"the year old zuma , who still faces the possibility of being charged himself , was also cleared of rape after a controversial trial ."
"even so , zuma is widely expected to secure the nomination of the party members ."
"his populist approach has won him support among anc rank and file , comparing favorably with mbeki s style of leadership , which is seen by many party members as autocratic and aloof ."
"zuma s growing status was very much in evidence as his supporters chanted their backing for him , pointedly refusing to join in the standing ovation that followed mbeki s three hour speech at the conference in the northeastern city of polokwane ."
"several close allies of the president , including zuma s ex wife foreign minister nkosazana dlamini zuma , were booed by zuma s supporters ."
"although mbeki in charge since can stay on as president until his term finishes in , analysts say it would be difficult for him to do so if he lost the backing of his party ."
opponents of zuma warn that if he came to power he would pander to reactionary elements in south africa .
"analysts , however , say that no matter who wins the anc leadership vote the result of which is expected in the coming days the biggest loser will be the party itself , which has been robbed of its moral authority because of the infighting ."
witnesses at the conference said the mood was somber and much less celebratory than at previous conferences .
"for the last man on earth , will smith sure has a lot of friends ."
"everyone else on earth is in the movie theater , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers ."
"the th century fox family flick alvin and the chipmunks , starring jason lee in a big screen take on the cartoon critters , opened a strong no . with million ."
"chipmunks are diurnal animals and they do hibernate , but not right now ."
"overall business soared , with the top movies taking in . million , up percent from the same weekend a year earlier , when smith also was no . with a . million debut for the pursuit of happyness ."
"three hospital workers have been suspended after they allegedly stole bodies from a morgue at the clinic and tried to sell the remains , officials said sunday ."
"the three , whose names were not released , had worked at vienna s kaiser franz josef hospital and were arrested after hospital administrators received a tip and alerted police , authorities said ."
"investigators said the trio allegedly sent e mails offering to sell the bodies to interested parties , who were not further identified ."
prosecutors said they were still trying to determine how much money the suspects were asking for the human remains and ascertain whether any bodies actually had been sold .
"new delhi , india cnn nearly communist prisoners overpowered guards and escaped from a prison in restive eastern india sunday , police said ."
"rahul sharma , the superintendent of police , said of inmates fled from the dantewada prison , miles south of raipur , the capital of chhattisgarh state ."
the jailbreak occurred while dinner was being served .
"the inmates overpowered the prison guards and fled amid gunfire , sharma told the new delhi television news channel ."
sharma said three prison guards and two inmates were wounded in the shooting .
he described those who escaped as supporters of leftist insurgents in the region .
"police reinforcements were searching for the escapees in darkness , he said ."
eastern india is a stronghold of communist rebels who have been fighting for more than two decades demanding land and jobs for agricultural laborers and the poor .
thousands of people have been killed in the insurgency .
"the guerrillas , who claim to be inspired by chinese revolutionary mao zedong , have often targeted police and government officials , whom they accuse of colluding with landlords and rich farmers to exploit the poor ."
"london , england cnn josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they can t refuse ."
british hotel chain is promising free accommodation to couples who share their first names with the couple from the christian nativity story .
"almost josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night s stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain ."
"the gift of a free night s stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over years ago when the original mary and joseph had to settle for the night in a stable , the company says on its web site ."
"the offer is good at any one of the chain s hotels in the united kingdom , the web site says . the couples must bring proof of identity and must prove that they are in a long term relationship ."
"if you satisfy the criteria , you get a free night in a family room for two adults and two children , ahmed said . there s also parking space for a donkey if needed , she joked ."
"ahmed said the offer , which will run from christmas eve to twelfth night had been very well received ."
"we ve had a lot of interest . i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , she said ."
"couples can register their names at a special e mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said ."
"british troops sunday handed over responsibility for security in the southern iraqi province of basra , a major milestone in the scaling back of the foreign military presence nearly five years after the u . s . led invasion ."
"as you step up , we step back , the british commander , maj . gen . graham binns , told iraqi troops and political officials , at a transfer ceremony broadcast live on iraqi state television ."
the changing of the guard came on the same day that iraq resumed train service from basra to baghdad after a four year hiatus .
the handover of basra became official with the signing of a memorandum of understanding by iraqi and british officials .
"britain has been in command of the south since the iraq war began , with its troops based in basra ."
"roughly , british troops are there now ."
"prime minister gordon brown s government has announced plans to cut forces to about , by the end of december ."
"national security adviser mowaffak al rubaie said the transfer means that basra police will be the first called to respond to any security incident , and will be backed up by the iraqi army as needed ."
"british troops could be called in to help , but it would be coordinated through the office of prime minister nuri al maliki in baghdad , he said ."
"our help will continue to be one of assistance , not interference , to support not to direct , to listen not to ignore , to understand not to fear , binns said ."
"international health experts have been dispatched to pakistan to help investigate the cause of south asia s first outbreak of bird flu in people and determine if the virus could have been transmitted through human contact , officials said sunday ."
a man and his niece from the same area who had slaughtered chickens were also suspected of having the virus .
"another person in a separate case who slaughtered poultry in nearby mansehra , miles away , also tested positive for the disease , he said ."
"details surrounding the cases remained confusing , with pakistan s health ministry issuing a statement saturday saying six people had initially tested positive for the virus last month , while the who said eight had been reported ."
"specimens were never collected from one of the brothers who died , and many of those who tested positive experienced only mild symptoms and were not hospitalized , hartl said ."
he added a team of who experts have been sent to pakistan to help determine the cause .
"he said all four brothers were believed to have worked on a farm and poultry outbreaks had earlier been reported in the area . but one brothers , mohammed tariq , said only one sibling worked on the farm ."
"police are investigating sunday a lift at a popular ski resort in central japan that had suddenly broke down , trapping people inside gondolas for about hours before they were rescued , officials said ."
"rescuers had to climb the snow slope at the ontake ski resort in nagano prefecture state , force open the door of the gondolas to bring down passengers one at a time to the ground about meters feet below with a rope , prefectural police spokeswoman akiko fuseya said ."
the lift s other six seater gondolas were vacant .
"after the time consuming process , the last passenger was rescued past midnight saturday , nearly hours after the accident was reported to police earlier in the day , fuseya said ."
"istanbul , turkey cnn turkish warplanes and long range missiles attacked kurdish rebel positions in the mountains of northern iraq near the turkish border early sunday , according to turkish military officials ."
"the air attack , which began around a . m . and last for more than three hours , targeted kurdistan workers party pkk outposts in the qandil mountain , the statement said ."
"turkish ground troops launched long range missiles at the pkk positions after the air attack , the statement said ."
"all warplanes returned safely to their bases in turkey , the military said ."
"jamal abdullah , a spokesman for iraq s autonomous kurdish regional government said the targets of the attack appear to be pkk fighters in the border area , but there are reports of civilian casualties in nearby villages ."
"tensions have been high along the iraqi turkish border , with turkey threatening to launch a full scale cross border offensive against separatist guerrillas from the pkk ."
those militants have launched actions against turkish troops from northern iraq and have been fighting the turkish government forces in southeastern turkey .
the turkish military government received approval from the parliament in october to take military action at any time .
there are tens of thousands of turkish troops near the border area .
"the united states , the iraqi government and the kurdish regional government had pursued diplomatic efforts over the past two months to keep turkey from launching an offensive against the pkk ."
"north korea delivered a verbal response friday to a letter president bush sent to north korean leader kim jong il earlier this month about the progress of nuclear talks , officials said ."
details of the response were not immediately released but senior state department officials said the gist was that north korea plans to hold up its end of the bargain and expects the united states to do the same .
bush s letter indicated six party talks aimed at denuclearization of the korean peninsula were at a critical juncture .
"casey said the bush letter , dated december and addressed to mr . chairman , was intended to show the united states is serious about keeping the process moving ."
"i got his attention with a letter , bush told reporters friday , referring to kim ."
north korea is facing a december deadline to hand over a document declaring its past and present nuclear secrets .
"however , chief u . s . negotiator christopher hill , who hand delivered bush s letter , said differences remain over what should go into that document , and it is unclear how full and complete it should actually be ."
"pakistani president pervez musharraf was expected to lift a six week old state of emergency and restore pakistan s constitution saturday , just a day after tweaking the charter to shore up his legal defenses ."
"musharraf may also move to restore the credibility of january elections by suspending local mayors and scrapping a two term limit for prime ministers , attorney general malik mohammed qayyum said friday ."
the u . s . backed leader cast pakistan into turmoil and raised serious doubts over the credibility of next month s parliamentary elections by imposing a state of emergency on november .
"musharraf purged the judiciary , jailed thousands of opponents and silenced television news channels after he suspended the constitution and declared emergency rule on november ."
"the u . s . backed leader said he acted to prevent political chaos and give authorities a freer hand against islamic militants , though critics accuse him of a last ditch power grab before the previous supreme court could declare his continued rule illegal ."
"qayyum said government legal experts were finalizing the changes and that they would be announced before musharraf lifts the emergency on saturday , but provided no details ."
"the president will lift the emergency to restore the constitution and the fundamental rights , he said ."
"a postcard featuring a color drawing of santa claus and a young girl was mailed in , but its journey was slower than christmas ."
"the christmas card was dated december , , and mailed to ethel martin of oberlin , apparently from her cousins in alma , nebraska ."
"it s a mystery where it spent most of the last century , oberlin postmaster steve schultz said ."
"ethel martin is deceased , but schultz said the post office wanted to get the card to a relative . that s how the year old relic ended up with bernice martin , ethel s sister in law ."
"she said she believed the card had been found somewhere in illinois . that s all we know , she said ."
"the card was placed inside another envelope with modern postage for the trip to oberlin the one cent postage of the early th century wouldn t have covered it , martin said ."
"but wherever they kept it , it was in perfect shape ."
"london , england cnn fantasy author terry pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of alzheimer s disease but says he plans to continue writing his multi million selling discworld books ."
"pratchett , whose books have , according to his web site , sold more than million copies worldwide in languages suffered what he called a phantom stroke earlier this year ."
"in a statement titled an embuggerance on the web site of discworld illustrator paul kidby , pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms a very rare form of early onset alzheimer s ."
"i would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while , but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed , it seems to me unfair to withhold the news , says pratchett , who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction ."
"all other things being equal , i expect to meet most current and , as far as possible , future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers , he continues ."
"frankly , i would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because i think there s time for at least a few more books yet ."
pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book nation and that the basic notes are already being laid down for unseen academicals .
"i know it s a very human thing to say is there anything i can do , but in this case i would only entertain offers from very high end experts in brain chemistry ."
"pratchett s discworld novels , of which have been published to date , are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern day life ."
"pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the s , received the order of the british empire for services to literature from the prince of wales in ."
"san francisco , california cnn scientists think they have discovered the energy source of auroras borealis , the spectacular color displays seen in the upper latitudes of the northern hemisphere ."
"new data from nasa s themis mission , a quintet of satellites launched this winter , found the energy comes from a stream of charged particles from the sun flowing like a current through twisted bundles of magnetic fields connecting earth s upper atmosphere to the sun ."
"the energy is then abruptly released in the form of a shimmering display of lights , said principal investigator vassilis angelopoulos of the university of california at los angeles ."
results were presented tuesday at the american geophysical union meeting .
"in march , the satellites detected a burst of northern lights over alaska and canada ."
"during the two hour light show , the satellites measured particle flow and magnetic fields from space ."
"to scientists surprise , the geomagnetic storm powering the auroras raced miles in a minute across the sky ."
angelopoulos estimated the storm s power was equal to the energy released by a magnitude . earthquake .
"nature was very kind to us , angelopoulos said ."
"although researchers have suspected the existence of wound up bundles of magnetic fields that provide energy for the auroras , the phenomenon was not confirmed until may , when the satellites became the first to map their structure some , miles above the earth s surface ."
scientists hope the satellites will record a geomagnetic storm next year and end the debate about when the storms are triggered .
"london , england cnn software giant microsoft unveiled some of its future technology at its fourth annual innovation day in brussels on december ."
"and from virtual family organizers to tabletop touch screens , their vision of the future sees technology move from the traditional desktop computer to become seamlessly integrated in all aspects of our lives ."
"one key area that s set to change , says microsoft , is user interface ."
"md of microsoft research , cambridge , andrew herbert told cnn , sitting at a keyboard with a screen in front of us is an old fashioned view of computing . technology is going to be around us , it s going to be much easier to use ."
"developments in touch screen technology have resulted in large screens that can be used by multiple people , creating table top tools for collaboration at work ."
"and along with touch screens , voice recognition will make our interaction with computers much more natural ."
"we ll think less of one person , one computer , he continued . it ll be people working together in an environment with lots of computers that you can interact with ."
"touch screens will also play a role in the home , according to the microsoft funded living tomorrow project ."
"they showed off a large electronic touch screen family organizer integrated into the wall of a fridge , which included shopping lists and menus compiled from product bar codes , a family calendar and virtual sticky notes ."
it s the idea of social computing holding families together .
"that technology is in development and still prohibitively expensive for widespread use , but microsoft expects the cost of the component parts lcds , cameras and sensors to fall significantly in the coming years ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn an indonesian man died of bird flu , bringing the death toll in the country worst hit by the virus to , a health ministry official said friday ."
"authorities were trying to ascertain how the year old man contracted the deadly h n strain of the disease , which has infected people in indonesia ."
"the man began showing signs of illness on december and died thursday night at a hospital in the capital , jakarta , after being admitted with a fever , cough and other flu like symptoms , said spokesman joko suyono ."
"the victim lived in the industrial town of tangerang , kilometers miles west of jakarta ."
"and its deaths now account for almost half of the recorded fatalities worldwide , according to figures from the world health organization ."
"almost all cases have originated from sick poultry , but experts fear it will mutate into a strain that can pass more easily from human to human ."
"indonesia , which has millions of backyard chickens , is a potential hotspot for a global bird flu pandemic , scientists have warned ."
"kremlin critic and former world chess champion garry kasparov will not run in russia s presidential election after authorities repeatedly blocked supporters efforts to hold a nominating conference , his spokeswoman said thursday ."
"under election law , thursday is the last day that potential candidates for the march vote have to hold such conferences ."
"spokeswoman marina litvinovich accused the government of pressuring landlords to not rent to the coalition , other russia ."
"since leaving chess , kasparov has become a vociferous critic of president vladimir putin s government , cobbling together a disparate coalition of nationalists , left wing activists and liberals to try to generate broad opposition ."
"kasparov would have had little chance of winning the election , which almost certainly will be won by dmitry medvedev , the first deputy prime minister who got putin s powerful endorsement ."
but the difficulty of obtaining a hall for a nominating meeting highlighted the array of impediments faced by opposition groups in russia .
opposition forces frequently complain that they are denied venues for their meeting .
"police violently dispersed a number of opposition rallies organized by kasparov s group this year , and kasparov was jailed for five days after a rally in moscow last month ."
"drug maker novartis ag said thursday it will cut , jobs worldwide by in an attempt to save . billion in costs ."
"novartis already had announced in october that it would cut , jobs in u . s . pharmaceuticals marketing and sales ."
"we have taken the opportunity given the short term down cycle in our pharmaceuticals business to initiate this project , chief executive and chairman daniel vasella said ."
the job cuts represent about . percent of novartis global work force .
"novartis said in october that its third quarter earnings more than tripled due to large divestments , but poor pharmaceuticals sales meant , u . s . job cuts and a reorganization of its divisional management ."
novartis charts shares have slipped more than percent this year .
"new jersey lawmakers have voted to abolish the death penalty in the state , sending the governor a bill he has already said he will sign ."
the measure will make new jersey the first state in more than years to outlaw capital punishment .
"new jersey has not put anyone to death since , according to the death penalty information center ."
"a spokesman for democratic gov . jon corzine said the bill probably will be signed into law within a few days , after the exact text is reviewed closely ."
"some republicans had argued police killers and terrorists should still be eligible for execution , but democrats , who control both houses , backed the change ."
"this vote marks a new chapter in our nation s year experiment with capital punishment , said richard dieter , executive director of the death penalty information center , which opposes executions ."
"new jersey lawmakers are demonstrating sound judgment in abandoning capital punishment after learning of its costs , the pain it causes victims families , and the risks the death penalty poses to innocent lives ."
the last states to ban the death penalty were west virginia and iowa in .
one of sen . hillary clinton s top advisers is stepping down after saying sen . barack obama s admission of past drug use would hurt his chances in a general election matchup .
"earlier thursday , clinton personally apologized to rival obama for shaheen s remarks ."
"obama accepted her apology , according to david axelrod , the top political strategist for the obama campaign ."
"obama earlier brushed aside the adviser s remarks , saying they were probably the result of the latest poll numbers , which show the two candidates tied in the first primary state , new hampshire ."
"the republicans are not going to give up without a fight . . . and one of the things they re certainly going to jump on is his drug use , shaheen said ."
the latest back and forth between the two democratic campaigns on the issue of obama s electability came as a new cnn wmur poll showed the two candidates statistically in a dead heat in new hampshire .
"clinton stands at percent , with obama percentage point behind , well within the poll s margin of error of plus or minus percentage points ."
"edinburgh , scotland cnn u . s . defense secretary robert gates on thursday pushed european allies for more troops to re energize efforts in southern afghanistan , where the taliban insurgency has increased its attacks in the months since nato took command of the war ."
gates also must worry about sagging public support .
"opening two days of talks with allied defense and diplomatic officials , gates hoped to stir discussion of forming an overarching strategy for afghanistan that could be adopted by nato government leaders at a summit next april . it was not clear that all nato members agree such a plan is even needed , and no firm decisions on a way forward were expected in edinburgh ."
"british defense secretary des browne , in a statement released thursday , said military power can only be part of the solution in afghanistan ."
"we must build on our hard won military gains and go further to help the people of afghanistan to provide their own security , governance and economic development , said browne ."
"and while he did not provide specifics on the type of aid needed , he said , we must give the afghan authorities the support they need to deliver the kind of success that we all recognize is vital , not just for security in afghanistan , but for security in the wider world ."
"gates had one on one meetings thursday with canadian defense minister peter mackay and australia s new defense minister , joel fitzgibbon ."
"then he attended a dinner hosted by browne and joined by their counterparts from the other nato allies with troops in southern afghanistan the netherlands , canada , australian , romania , denmark and estonia ."
president robert mugabe s party on thursday nominated him as its sole candidate for presidential elections next year even though the year old veteran s policies are widely blamed for zimbabwe s economic collapse .
"at a convention attended by nearly , delegates , all ten provinces declared they endorsed mugabe as candidate for the march poll ."
mugabe told his party faithful in the opening ceremony broadcast on state television and radio he would not abandon them or the people as a whole in times of hardship .
"she s the best thing in my life , and i have never been happier ."
"tony has been nothing short of the perfect husband , said the year old actress , who stars on abc s desperate housewives ."
alexandra paressant made the allegations in an interview with celebrity gossip web site x .
parker and longoria were married in a civil ceremony july in paris .
"bali , indonesia cnn negotiations over a new agreement on global warming were expected to go down to the wire as the united states and the european union remained at loggerheads over how to replace the year old kyoto protocol ."
"the united nations climate change conference in bali is in its final hours , and negotiations are expected to last well into the night as the summit wraps up mid day friday local time ."
"the europeans are pushing for an agreement that contains specific numbers for emissions cuts , but washington wants to leave room for future negotiations , including next month s u . s . sponsored climate talks in hawaii ."
"the eu delegation has balked at that stance , saying it would render january s major emitters meeting meaningless ."
"former u . s . vice president al gore , fresh from accepting the nobel peace prize for his work on climate change awareness , sided with the europeans ."
"my own country , the united states , is principally responsible for obstructing progress here in bali . we all know that , he said . but my country is not the only that can take steps to ensure that we move forward in bali with progress and with hope ."
"gore accepted the nobel peace prize on monday , alongside the u . n . s intergovernmental panel on climate change ."
"in an interview with cnn , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon leaned toward the united states position , stressing that bali negotiations have to be based on realistic and practical assessment ."
"somewhere down the road , quantifiable targets on emissions reductions would be discussed , he said , adding that launching the process is very important ."
"japan and canada have taken positions in line with the united states , while australia s position is uncertain ."
washington is balking at suggestions by the eu that any agreement to replace the kyoto protocol on global warming should require developed countries to cut their emissions by to percent of levels by .
"the bush administration says europe is moving too fast in its efforts to find a replacement for the kyoto treaty , which expires in ."
the shrill tone of thursday s public statements indicated the behind the doors negotiations were difficult .
rescuers in a shaken city on wednesday extracted the living and the dead from the crumpled remains of u . n . offices in algiers that were bombed by an al qaeda affiliate .
"victims included u . n . staff from around the world , police officers and law students ."
"rescue work was focusing on five or six people who were in the basement of the u . n . building at the time of the attack and who could still be alive , said the chief of the emergency team , djamal khoudi ."
"earlier in the day , seven survivors were pulled from beneath chunks of concrete , khoudi said ."
"one year old woman was transferred to a hospital where both her legs were amputated , he said ."
the attacks and their targeting of the united nations drew international condemnation .
"islamic insurgents have been battling algeria s government for years , but have largely focused on symbols of algeria s military backed government and civilians ."
"u . n . secretary general ban ki moon urged all nations on wednesday to stand united against terrorism , calling it the scourge of our times ."
"this attack on the u . n . is an attack on us all and our highest ideals , he said in a video address from bali , indonesia , to the member general assembly ."
"los angeles , california cnn to johnny depp , freedom means simplicity and anonymity ."
didn t you used to be johnny depp ? that will be the clincher .
"the year old star of sweeney todd , which opens christmas day , talked with the magazine about the lessons he s learned over his two decades in hollywood ."
his friend and mentor marlon brando taught depp to keep his private life private .
"that s your world and it s nobody else s business , he recalls brando saying . it s not anybody s entertainment ."
"a self described people watcher , depp says he s learned to enter restaurants through the kitchen and hotels through the parking garage ."
"while he loves his work , depp says he s not a great fan of all the stuff that goes along with it ."
"i don t want to be a product , he says . of course you want the movies to do well . but i don t want to know . . . who s hot now and who s not and who s making this much dough and who s boffing this woman or that one ."
"ramallah , west bank cnn palestinian pedestrians gawked at the unusual sight of female police officers directing traffic in ramallah on wednesday , the first batch of women to venture into a job traditionally reserved for men in the west bank ."
"the women wore uniforms of navy blue pants and light blue shirts and many donned navy blue headscarves , a sign of muslim modesty ."
some male police officers sneered at the women as they directed traffic and kept pedestrians from jaywalking on their first day on the job .
"the new recruits are part of the first class of palestinian policewomen who recently completed a european union sponsored training program , part of a broader eu effort to improve ill equipped palestinian law enforcement agencies ."
"in addition to directing traffic , their duties also include conducting traffic patrols , house searches and security checks on women in prisons and universities ."
"roles of authority for women are widely frowned upon in conservative palestinian society , but several bystanders said they were impressed ."
"this is wonderful watching palestinian women enforcing law and order , said fuad murar , ."
"ashjan abu srour , a year old policewoman , wore an islamic headscarf , as she coaxed an elderly couple to walk on the sidewalk , not on the road ."
"i was a little afraid in the beginning , because our society imposes a certain lifestyle for women , abu srour said ."
seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after violence flared before the champions league draw against roma in italy .
"british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a year old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported ."
an embassy spokeswoman said seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium .
the situation in the stadium is now fine and everything is running smoothly .
the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma s notorious ultras a following of hardcore fans .
"roma coach luciano spalletti condemned the latest violence . it s difficult to give a comment on what has happened , said spalletti ."
"after watching a video replay of the ugly scenes , spalletti added these people are sick ."
"tokyo , japan cnn the age long animosity between cat and mouse could be a thing of the past with genetically modified fearless mice that japanese scientists say shed light on mammal behavior ."
"using genetic engineering , scientists at tokyo university say they have successfully switched off the rodents instinct to cower at the smell or presence of cats showing that fear is genetically hardwired and not learned through experience , as commonly believed ."
"but mice with certain nasal cells removed through genetic engineering didn t display any fear , said research team leader ko kobayakawa ."
"the mice approached the cat , even snuggled up to it and played with it , kobayakawa said ."
"the findings suggest that human aversion to dangerous smells like that of rotten food , for example , could also be genetically predetermined , he said ."
"kobayakawa said his findings , published in the science magazine nature last month , should help researchers shed further light on how the brain processes information about the outside world ."
"brampton , ontario cnn aqsa parvez would leave home each morning wearing track pants and a muslim head scarf ."
"once the year old got to school , she would remove the scarf and change into close fitting jeans ."
"but , her friends said , her parents got wind of what she was doing ."
parvez soon began showing up at school with bruises on her arms .
the killing has ignited a debate in canada about the conflict between first and second generation immigrants who struggle to maintain traditional muslim values and their children s desire to fit into western culture .
"canada has about , muslims ."
"parvez , whose family is of pakistani origin , was rushed to the hospital in critical condition monday after her father made an emergency call in which he claimed to have killed her , police said . she later died ."
"police spokesman wayne patterson said authorities were working to determine the motive and refused to confirm it was over the hijab , the traditional muslim head scarf ."
a lawyer for the father said there was more to the story than just cultural issues .
"but friends said parvez was planning to leave home in mississauga , ontario , because of tensions with her family over her decision to stop wearing her head scarf at high school ."
they said she often had bruises and that she predicted days before her death that her father would kill her .
"according to her friends , parvez wore the hijab when she started school at applewood heights last year . but after getting teased about the head scarf , she stopped wearing it a few months ago ."
"an autopsy revealed that the cause of death was neck compression , or strangulation , police said wednesday ."
"muhammed parvez , a frail year old cab driver , appeared unemotional during his brief appearance at a brampton court ."
"muhammed parvez s lawyer , joseph ciraco , said the family is distraught ."
"it s clearly a tragedy , he said . you ve got a sister that s gone and a father and brother in jail ."
"we ve heard what s being said in the newspapers and her friends about the cultural problems at home . from my brief discussions with the family , there s more to this story than just the cultural issues , which could play a part , ciraco said ."
the nominees are scheduled to be announced for the th annual golden globe awards thursday morning and it appears to be a wide open race .
"so far , only the coen brothers no country for old men , which has dominated year end critics lists , appears to be a shoo in for a nomination ."
"however , the globes often opt for star power as much as critical praise , which means that michael clayton , featuring george clooney s powerhouse performance , is also a likely pick ."
"the globes also give out awards in the comedy musical field , and in this area nominations are likely to go to knocked up , hairspray and the soon to be released sweeney todd ."
"aside from clooney s work in clayton , globe acting nominations may go to tommy lee jones , who earned raves for both no country and in the valley of elah"
"cate blanchett , as a mid s version of bob dylan in i m not there"
"and daniel day lewis , who is receiving great notices for his work as a misanthropic oil baron in another critics favorite , paul thomas anderson s there will be blood ."
"one award is certain steven spielberg will receive the cecil b . demille award for his outstanding contribution to the entertainment field from the hollywood foreign press association , the globes organization ."
"the globes are scheduled to be awarded january , , at the beverly hilton in beverly hills , california ."
"a muslim man jumped to the aid of three jewish subway riders after they were attacked by a group of young people who objected to one of the jews saying happy hanukkah , a spokeswoman for the three said wednesday ."
"friday s altercation on the q train began when somebody yelled out merry christmas , to which rider walter adler responded , happy hanukkah , said toba hellerstein ."
"two women who were with a group of rowdy people then began to verbally assault adler s companions with anti semitic language , hellerstein"
"one member of the group allegedly yelled , oh , hanukkah . that s the day that the jews killed jesus , she said ."
"when adler tried to intercede , a male member of the group punched him , she said ."
"a muslim american saved us when our own people were on the train and didn t do anything , adler said ."
"adler pulled the emergency brake and the train stopped at dekalb avenue station , where police came on board ."
"all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least people and wounded , officials said ."
baghdad was also hit by violence on wednesday .
"a car bomb there killed five iraqi civilians and wounded others , an interior ministry official told cnn ."
"maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf , head of the interior ministry s national command center , confirmed the casualty figures in the amara bombing ."
he and a committee were headed to amara to investigate the incident .
he said the ministry fired the city s police chief in the aftermath of the attack .
"maysan gov . adil muhawdar radhi announced the vehicle ban , which he said will be in place through thursday ."
he said additional security measures have been put in place in the city .
"the first bomb , in a car parked in a commercial area , detonated about a . m . as onlookers gathered , the second one exploded in a nearby garage a few minutes later ."
it was followed by a third bomb in the garage a few minutes after that . ambulances and police raced to the scene .
"al forat , an iraqi tv station affiliated with the supreme islamic council of iraq political movement , reported that most of the casualties were women and children ."
"prime minister nuri al maliki , in a statement , denounced the attack ."
"at least people died in eastern china s zhejiang province early wednesday when a story apartment building caught fire , rescuers said , according to china s xinhua news service ."
"the fire broke out around a . m . in central wenzhou city and took more than firefighters and fire engines to extinguish it , xinhua reported ."
"at one point , the blaze trapped hundreds of residents in the building known as wenfu mansion ."
"according to witnesses , the fire started in a flower shop on the first floor and rapidly spread to an entertainment venue on the second floor , before engulfing the building in smoke ."
washington cnn scientists think they have figured out why pregnant women don t lose their balance and topple over despite ever growing weight up front .
"evolution provided slight differences from men in women s lower backs and hip joints , allowing them to adjust their center of gravity , new research shows ."
"this elegant engineering is seen only in female humans and our immediate ancestors who walked on two feet , but not in chimps and apes , according to a study published in thursday s journal nature ."
"that s a big load that s pulling you forward , said liza shapiro , an anthropology professor at the university of texas and the only one of the study s three authors who has actually been pregnant . you experience discomfort . maybe it would be a lot worse if the design changes were not there ."
harvard anthropology researcher katherine whitcomb found two physical differences in male and female backs that until now had gone unnoticed
one lower lumbar vertebra is wedged shaped in women and more square in men
and a key hip joint is percent larger in women than men when body size is taken into account .
the researchers did engineering tests that show how those slight changes allow women to carry the additional and growing load without toppling over and typically without disabling back pain .
they are experiencing a pretty impressive challenge . evolution has tinkered . . . to the point where they can deal with the challenge .
"it s absolutely beautiful , she said . a little bit of tinkering can have a profound effect ."
walking on two feet separates humans from most other animals .
"and while anthropologists still debate the evolutionary benefit of walking on two feet , there are notable costs , such as pain for pregnant females ."
animals on all fours can better handle the extra belly weight .
"the back changes appear to have evolved to overcome the cost of walking on two feet , said harvard anthropology professor daniel lieberman ."
"when the researchers looked back at fossil records of human ancestors , including the oldest spines that go back million years to our predecessor , australopithecus , they found a male without the lower back changes and a female with them ."
but what about men with stomachs the size of babies or bigger ?
what keeps them from toppling over ?
"their back muscles are used to compensate , but that probably means more back pain , theorized shapiro , who added it would be a fun study to do to look at men with beer bellies to see if they shift their loads ."
dubai cnn a court in dubai sentenced two men wednesday to years in prison for the rape and kidnapping of a year old french boy .
"the boy s mother , veronique robert , was visibly upset after the sentence was read and promised to appeal ."
"robert , a french journalist , brought the case to the media s attention in recent months in an effort to shed light on what she deemed to be injustices in the pro western emirate of dubai ."
robert said wednesday s sentence was too lenient for a crime that she believes is tantamount to attempted murder because one of her son s attackers was knowingly hiv positive at the time of the rape .
"she refrained from asking the death penalty for her son s attackers , but said she hoped the sentence would be much longer ."
"a spokesman for the dubai government , habib al mulla , told cnn the sentence was in accordance with international standards and was not lenient ."
"the case began in july , when the two men , and , kidnapped and raped the french teenager at knifepoint ."
"robert contacted french diplomats , who took up the allegations with dubai authorities ."
al mulla said police action was swift and arrests were made within hours .
"but robert has said the case was botched from the start , beginning with her son s examination by a doctor who said her son was gay ."
"homosexuality in dubai is illegal , and the teen could have faced as much as a year in prison ."
robert s son has since returned to france and was not in court for wednesday s sentencing .
robert has also said dubai authorities repeatedly concealed evidence confirmed in court papers that one of the attackers was hiv positive .
"robert said her son , who is still awaiting test results to find out whether he has the virus , could have gotten treatment much sooner had they known ."
dubai authorities deny any evidence was concealed .
"the mother has already filed suit in courts in paris and geneva , switzerland seeking compensation from sheikh khalifa , president of the united arab emirates , and the prime minister and vice president of dubai , sheikh mohammed al maktoum ."
"robert said she will drop all her pending cases if the government sets up rape clinics , recognizes the status of rape victims , and takes precautions after rape against sexually transmitted diseases ."
"rome , italy cnn a strike by italian truck drivers that has caused shortages of food , fuel and medicine across the country has ended at least for now ."
a spokesman for italy s government told cnn the strike was called off after a wednesday meeting between government and labor leaders in which the government made an offer to settle truckers grievances .
"representatives for labor unions represented in the strike , however , said the strike has merely been suspended ."
they said union leaders wanted to talk to members before accepting what was described as a take it or leave it offer from the government .
"truckers are demanding more money to compensate for rising fuel prices , which in italy is mostly a result of taxes ."
truck drivers had defied a government order wednesday to halt what they had said would be a five day strike .
"organizers of the strike , which began early monday morning , said participation was massive , with percent of trucking companies taking part ."
"already gas stations have been closed for lack of fuel , and supermarkets mostly those in large cities have shortages of produce and dairy goods ."
"trucks carrying fuel and medicines for hospitals and pharmacies have been let through , but pharmacists warned there could be shortages of medicine in the long run ."
"italy s transport ministry demanded the strikers return to work wednesday because of damages to the community , but the truck drivers said they would continue striking ."
"more than hours after twin bombings killed dozens in the algerian capital , rescue workers continued to search for nearly a dozen people trapped beneath the debris of a partially collapsed united nations building ."
"the latest official death toll from the algerian government is including five foreign nationals but hospital sources say that more than were killed in the bombings and that number could rise , as people are still missing and are feared dead ."
"rescue teams worked through the night , pulling out seven people alive from the rubble by a . m . wednesday ."
they held out little hope for the still missing by late wednesday afternoon .
"u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe said wednesday at least nine u . n . staff members were killed in the bombing , while several others are still missing ."
"hopes for finding any survivors have dimmed , she said ."
the bombing near the u . n . offices happened minutes after another suspected truck bomb detonated near algeria s constitutional council which oversees elections and supreme court .
"that blast struck a bus outside the targeted building , killing many of those on board , according to algeria s state run news agency ."
"former peruvian president alberto fujimori , already convicted of abuse of authority , denied in a second trial wednesday that he was aware of a military death squad even though he lived at army headquarters when the group operated ."
he said he moved to the base for his family s safety .
"if convicted , he faces up to years in prison and a fine of some million ."
"he said one of the first steps he took was to order the five intelligence agencies in the different branches of the armed forces and police to share information and answer directly to him via the national intelligence service , which was controlled by vladimiro montesinos ."
"fujimori also denied that montesinos , his closest adviser , was ever a friend ."
"tiger woods was voted pga tour player of the year by his peers tuesday , the third straight year he won the award and the ninth time in his years as a pro ."
"woods also won player of the year from the pga of america , a points based system . the pga tour award is a vote and phil mickelson was only other player on the ballot ."
"woods won seven times , including the pga championship for his th career major ."
"it gave him another sweep of pga tour awards named after three of the biggest names in history the jack nicklaus trophy for player of the year , the arnold palmer award for leading the money list . million and the byron nelson trophy for having the lowest scoring average . ."
liverpool delivered a final emphatic chapter in their champions league comeback on tuesday when they mauled marseille to reach the last knockout phase .
"steven gerrard , fernando torres , dirk kuyt and ryan babel were on target in france as the reds finished their group a campaign with three straight wins to qualify against the odds ."
we are disappointed it came down to the last game . we needed to perform tonight .
we knew we d got the quality so we re very happy with the performance .
"marseille had beaten every english team to have played at the velodrome , including liverpool in the uefa cup in ."
but the merseysiders have a superb recent record in the champions league they won it in and lost to ac milan in the final last year and once again proved the masters with torres outstanding .
"rome , italy cnn tweety may get a chance to take the witness stand and sing like a canary ."
"an italian court ordered the animated bird , along with mickey mouse , donald duck and his girlfriend daisy , to testify in a counterfeiting case ."
"in what lawyers believe was a clerical error worthy of a looney tunes cartoon , a court in naples sent a summons to the characters ordering them to appear friday in a trial in the southern italian city , officials said ."
"the court summons cites titti , paperino , paperina , topolino the italian names for the characters as damaged parties in the criminal trial of a chinese man accused of counterfeiting products of disney and warner bros ."
"instead of naming only the companies and their legal representatives , clerks also wrote in the witness list the names of the cartoons that decorated the toys and gadgets the man had reproduced , said fiorenza sorotto , vice president of disney company italia ."
"unfortunately they cannot show up , as they are residents of disneyland , sorotto joked in a telephone interview with the associated press ."
"it certainly pleased us that the characters were considered real , because that s what we try to do ."
"the naples court will have to rewrite the summons , although this will probably delay the trial , said disney lawyer cristina ravelli ."
"let s hope the characters will not be prosecuted for failing to appear , ravelli quipped ."
"new york cnn george washington s commissioned gold medal that was given to marquis de lafayette , the french revolutionary who supported the american revolution , was sold tuesday at auction for . million , sotheby s announced ."
"la fondation de chambrun , in chateau la grange , lafayette s home miles km east of paris , beat out two other bidders ."
"the medal is a symbol of the bond and friendship between america and france , said christophe van de weghe , a manhattan art dealer who represented the foundation ."
"the medal , shaped like an eagle and believed have its original ribbon and red leather box , will be displayed in lafayette s bedroom , van de weghe said ."
"it also might be displayed at mount vernon , washington s former home and slave plantation in virginia ."
"washington , lafayette and others in formed the society of the cincinnati , a group devoted to maintaining the revolution s ideals , and eagle badges were given to members ."
the medal auctioned tuesday was made to washington s specifications .
"after washington s death , the medal was presented to lafayette by washington s family"
it was consigned to the auction by lafayette s great great granddaughter .
the pre sale estimate was million to million .
"israeli forces made forays into northern and southern gaza tuesday morning in operations targeting palestinian militants , killing up to six , according to palestinian sources and the israel defense forces ."
israel carried out airstrikes against qassam rocket launch sites in the north .
"idf said the strikes killed two militants , while palestinian security sources said one member of islamic jihad was killed ."
"in southern gaza , palestinian security sources said israeli tanks and bulldozers entered the territory early tuesday morning and were conducting house to house searches after shutting down the main road between rafah and khan yunis ."
"four islamic jihad members were killed by israeli fire , according to palestinian security and medical sources ."
"in addition , the palestinian sources said nine palestinians were injured , including two journalists ."
"tokyo , japan cnn pirates released a japanese tanker and its crew members off the somali coast wednesday and all the crew are unharmed , a u . s . navy spokesman said ."
"the , ton chemical tanker golden nori was seized off africa six weeks ago"
"the golden nori , carrying crew from myanmar , the philippines and south korea , was seized in late october off the east coast of somalia ."
one of the two south korean crew members escaped and was rescued by a passing vessel in early november .
"andrew mwangura , head of the kenya based east africa seafarers assistance program said monday that the hostage takers have demanded million ransom and threatened to kill all crew if their demands were not met ."
"yoichi oda , a japanese official in charge of crisis management , said that the japanese government has not received any ransom demands from the hostage takers ."
"the chemical tanker was carrying up to , tons of highly explosive benzene ."
"the u . s . navy in late october came to the aid of the vessel , with the guided missile destroyer uss porter at one point opening fire to destroy pirate skiffs tied to it ."
the u . s . military has recently intervened several times to help ships hijacked by somali pirates .
"london , england cnn a lock of john lennon s hair is being put up for sale ."
"lennon gave betty glasow , the beatles hairdresser , the lock of hair in a copy of his book a spaniard in the works ."
"in the dedication he wrote , to betty , lots of love and hair , john lennon ."
"on wednesday , fans will have the chance to bid on the hair and other autographed photos and beatles memorabilia when they go up for auction in worthing , in southern england ."
"the book with the hair still inside could fetch as much as , , said nick muston , director of gorringes auction house ."
"glasow , who kept the beatles moptops trimmed on the set of the films a hard day s night and help !"
"decided to sell the items because she wanted fans to have them , muston said ."
"she feels that rather than these things being stuck in a drawer with nobody enjoying them , real enthusiasts could get their hands on these things , muston said ."
"other items in the sale include signed photographs of the beatles dedicated to glasow , including one where george harrison signed the photo george dandruff harrison ."
"another lot includes a program , ticket and screw from one of the seats at a beatles christmas concert at hammersmith apollo in london , where fans ripped out seats so they could dance in the aisles ."
glasow has also worked with a number of actors .
"peter ustinov , from death on the nile"
"new york cnn a former cia agent who participated in interrogations of terror suspects said tuesday that the controversial interrogation technique of waterboarding has saved lives , but he considers the method torture and now opposes its use ."
"former cia operative john kiriakou also told cnn s american morning that he disagrees with a decision to destroy videotapes of certain interrogations , namely of al qaeda s abu zubayda ."
"waterboarding begins by placing a suspect on a table with the suspect s feet slightly elevated , said kiriakou , who was waterboarded several years ago as part of his cia training ."
"once a suspect is secured on the table , interrogators wrap his or her face in a cellophane like material , kiriakou said ."
"there is a bladder , or a water source , above the head with water pouring down on the mouth , so no water is going into your mouth , but it induces a gag reflex and makes you feel like you re choking , kiriakou said ."
kiriakou said he lasted only a few seconds during his training because his body felt like it was seizing up almost immediately .
"it s entirely unpleasant , kiriakou said . you are so full of tension that you tense up , your muscles tighten up . it s very uncomfortable ."
"sydney , australia cnn officials conceded tuesday that australia s welfare system failed a girl who was removed from a remote aboriginal community after being sexually abused at age , then gang raped at age when she was returned to live in the town ."
the case has drawn outrage in australia after it was revealed that nine males who pleaded guilty to the second rape were paroled or had their sentences suspended by a judge who said the victim had probably consented to having sex with them .
officials in queensland state said monday they would launch appeal proceedings against district court judge sarah bradley s decision not to hand down custodial sentences in connection with the girl s rape in aurukun township on cape york in .
"bligh has also announced a review of all sexual assault cases on the cape a remote , tropical region dotted by giant cattle farms and tiny aboriginal outstations in the past two years , amounting to about ."
"as anger surrounding the case roiled australia , bligh on tuesday confirmed news reports that the girl was first sexually assaulted at aurukun in , by several juveniles who did not face court ."
"one welfare officer responsible for sending the girl back to aurukun has been fired and two others have been suspended , she said ."
"in sentencing , bradley told the offenders that the victim was not forced and she probably agreed to have sex with all of you but warned them that having sex with anyone younger than was illegal and they could end up in prison ."
"aboriginal leaders have condemned the ruling as too lenient , and have demanded bradley be stood down ."
"australian prime minister kevin rudd on monday said he was disgusted and appalled by the reports of the case , and that sexual violence against women and children should be treated with zero tolerance ."
the man tipped to be russia s next president said tuesday he wanted incumbent president vladimir putin to become the country s next prime minister .
dmitry medvedev said on russian state television that he has asked putin to head the government if he wins elections scheduled for march next year . the announcement comes only a day after putin s united russia party formally nominated medvedev to be the party s candidate for the presidential elections . russian law bars putin from seeking a third term as president .
"i call upon him to agree in principle to head the russian government after the elections of the new president , medvedev , currently the deputy prime minister , told state television ."
"medvedev , who is also chairman of the state energy giant gazprom , said he wanted putin to remain at the center of russian political life because it was important to continue the political course that has been started in the late s ."
"a former lawyer who hails from putin s native st . petersburg , medvedev , , managed the president s election campaign in and is considered part of putin s inner circle of advisers ."
"with putin s backing and no major political figures announcing plans to run against him , medvedev looks likely to coast to victory in next year s presidential elections ."
"putin , who has consolidated power in the hands of the kremlin during his eight years in power , had already made it clear he was keen to play a role in russian politics after he left office ."
pro democracy groups accuse him of trampling on democratic freedoms and stifling free speech . opposition leaders said the job offer to putin was predictable .
asian stocks fell sharply wednesday morning after wall street took a nosedive due to disappointment over the u . s . federal reserve s smaller than expected cut in its key rate .
"japan s benchmark nikkei index fell . points , or . percent , to end morning trading at , . points on the tokyo stock exchange ."
the index rose . percent the day before .
hong kong s blue chip hang seng index lost almost percent in early trading before rising off the low .
"we see any pullback in the local market today , following the overnight u . s . market plunge , as a good buying opportunity , as the asset inflation story in hong kong remains solid , said ernie hon , a strategist at icea ."
"in south korea , the korea composite stock price index , or kospi , fell . percent to , . by early afternoon ."
"the dow jones industrial average plunged . points , or . percent , to , . ."
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said tuesday international pressure on iran has been effective and may need increasing despite a u . s . intelligence report that tehran stopped work on nuclear weapons fours years ago .
"olmert , speaking at the israeli institute for national security studies , said it was down to the united states , russia , china and key european union nations to keep the pressure on iran ."
the u . s . national intelligence estimate on iran released last week said iran halted work toward a nuclear weapon while under international scrutiny in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until to .
the assessment reversed a report that found the islamic republic was determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure .
"olmert said the intelligence report launched an exaggerated debate that caused some to believe it signaled a u . s . retreat from its support of israel , a belief the prime minister called groundless ."
"the united states led the global campaign against iran and mobilized its full international strength to set in motion the adoption by the u . n . security council of two resolutions imposing sanctions on iran , since america was convinced that iran constitutes a real threat to peace in the region and to vital american interests , he said . this has not changed ."
he went on israel supports the tightening of the economic sanctions on iran and its continued isolation until it fulfills the recommendations of the security council and suspends all activities to enrich uranium .
former president alberto fujimori was convicted and sentenced to six years in prison on tuesday on a charge of abuse of authority stemming from an illegal search he ordered as his government imploded in scandal seven years ago .
supreme court judge pedro guillermo urbina declared that fujimori was guilty of abusing his power when he ordered an aide to pose as a prosecutor and search the luxury apartment of the wife of his spy chief without a warrant in november .
"he also fined him the equivalent of , ."
"he faces three other trials on charges that include murder , kidnapping and corruption ."
"he faces up to years in prison if convicted for his alleged role in the killings , which came amid a government crackdown on a bloody maoist insurgency ."
fujimori showed little emotion during tuesday s hearing .
"after the sentence was read , fujimori consulted quickly with his defense lawyer and then addressed the judge , saying he was partially appealing the sentence and the fine . he did not elaborate ."
the trials are taking take place at the police base on the eastern outskirts of lima where fujimori is being held .
"algiers , algeria cnn rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building s facade and leveled nearby u . n . offices ."
it was one of two suspected car bombs that struck algiers within minutes of each other .
"the official government count is at least , but hospital sources in algiers told cnn affiliate bfm tv that people were killed in the two blasts ."
a statement from the united nations said people were reported killed .
"algerian interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni blamed a militant islamic group with ties to al qaeda for the attacks , which also targeted a building housing algeria s constitutional council and supreme court ."
"in a posting on an islamist web site , the group al qaeda islamic maghreb claimed responsibility ."
"in the posting , the bombers were identified as sheikh ibrahim abu othman and abdel rahman abu abdel nasser al asimi ."
"it said two trucks were filled with no less than kg , pounds of explosives ."
"at least u . n . staffers were among those killed , according to u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe ."
the offices of the un high commissioner for refugees located across the street from the u . n . headquarters were leveled by a blast that struck about a . m . a . m . et tuesday .
"our offices are basically destroyed now , nothing works , unhcr spokesman ron redmond said from its geneva headquarters ."
"he said rescuers are working into the night trying to get to the trapped u . n . workers . it s a very serious situation still with the u . n . in algiers , he said ."
"in a strongly worded statement , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned what he called an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity s highest ideals under the u . n . banner ."
"the perpetrators of these crimes will not escape the strongest possible condemnation and ultimate punishment by algerian authorities and the international community , ban said in the written statement ."
he said he has sent senior advisers and other top u . n . officials to head to algiers to assist in the investigation and rescue effort .
"a suicide car bomber detonated outside the homes of former iraqi prime minister ayad allawi and sunni politician saleh mutlaq in western baghdad , killing at least two police officers , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"allawi s office said the blast occurred at a police checkpoint near the headquarters of iraqi national accord , allawi s secular political party ."
"three vehicles and concrete blast barriers were destroyed , the official said ."
"the international zone , also known as the green zone , is the seat of iraq s government as well as u . s . military and diplomatic agencies ."
"ronaldinho will not be leaving the nou camp during the january transfer window , barcelona supremo joan laporta has insisted ."
"the brazil forward has been linked with chelsea and ac milan , but club president laporta said after the triumph over deportivo la coruna that ronaldinho is staying put ."
"we are not going to sell ronaldinho , he said . we are not in contact with any other team about selling him ."
"the year old ronaldinho , who is in his fifth campaign with barcelona , is under contract until the end of june ."
his penalty equaliser five minutes before half time against depor was his sixth goal of the season .
"the win leaves barca second in la liga , four behind real madrid ."
"london , england jose mourinho has turned down the chance to become england s new supremo after discussions with football association hierarchy ."
the former chelsea manager said he had talked with the fa s chief executive brian barwick and trevor brooking but after deep and serious thinking decided he does not want to succeed sacked steve mcclaren .
"after steve mcclaren left the england football team , my representatives maintained contact with the fa , said mourinho in a statement on www . gestifute . com , his agent jorge mendes web site ."
"in that sense , i had myself useful discussions with brian barwick and trevor brooking where we exchanged ideas to evaluate the entire situation about the england squad and set the goals in case of real invitation being addressed to me ."
"after deep and serious thinking , i decided to exclude myself from being england manager despite being a fantastic position for me ."
"i reiterate my respect for the english football and , after three good years in england , i firmly believe that the england squad will soon be back to their usual great results ."
mourinho was the overwhelming fans choice to take charge and his decision to reject the job leaves the fa with four other top candidates .
"marcello lippi , who mastermined italy s world cup triumph , compatriot fabio capello , the former real madrid coach , have made it known they would like to take charge of england ."
"former germany coach juergen klinsmann , now based in the united states , is another option ."
the first cargo train providing regular service across the border between the two koreas in more than a half century left tuesday for the north .
the service is one of the tangible results of an october summit between north korean leader kim jong il and south korean president roh moo hyun that outlined a series of joint projects .
"i expect a day will come when south koreans visit north korean tourist attractions freely by train , shin jang chul , whose parents are from what is now north korea , told reporters before departing ."
south korea hopes the inter korean railway will ultimately be linked through north korea to russia s trans siberian railroad and allow an overland route connecting the peninsula
"the cargo rail service is likely to give a further boost to the sprawling kaesong complex , which marries south korean technology and management expertise with north korea s cheap labor ."
"chicago , illinois cnn a federal judge monday sentenced former media tycoon conrad black to . years in prison for his role in defrauding shareholders and skimming million from his hollinger international newspaper conglomerate ."
"black , , was convicted in july of mail fraud and obstruction of justice ."
"during monday s sentencing hearing , black was also ordered to pay a million fine ."
"this sentence will send a message that you do not engage in this type of behavior , said u . s . district judge amy st . eve . the court s sentence should adequately deter others from engaging in this conduct ."
"his associates peter atkinson of oakville , ontario , jack boultbee of victoria , british columbia , and mark kipnis of northbrook , illinois were also due to be sentenced on monday ."
"atkinson , kipnis and boultbee were also convicted of mail fraud ."
black left the court without speaking to reporters .
prosecutors had initially recommended that all four defendants serve to years in prison .
u . s . attorney patrick fitzgerald said he was pleased with the outcome .
"maybe i m just dumb , he said , but having to spend six and a half years in prison doesn t sound too relieving to me ."
"in the early s , hollinger international controlled percent of canadian newspapers in addition to hundreds of dailies worldwide , including the chicago sun times , the montreal gazette , britain s daily telegraph and the jerusalem post ."
black resigned as chairman and chief executive officer of hollinger in after an internal investigation into shareholders complaints that he and other executives were lining their pockets with company funds .
"weeks after his november resignation , the u . s . securities and exchange commission filed a civil fraud lawsuit against black , as well as hollinger international s former deputy chairman and chief operating officer , david radler , and hollinger international ."
"a year later , fitzgerald brought eight criminal fraud charges against black , and a warrant was issued for his"
"in a non compete , the seller agrees in exchange for a payment not to compete in the buyer s market ."
black renounced his canadian citizenship in to become a british citizen and was awarded a place in the british house of lords .
he took the title lord black of crossharbour .
"the judge ruled that black will serve his sentence in a u . s . prison , not a canadian prison as the defense has requested ."
"political parties in belgium have been unable to form a ruling coalition since the june general election , leaving the country without a government for half a year ."
"the prime minister was expected to raise the issue during his weekly audience with the king on monday , said koert debeuf , a spokesman for verhofstadt s office ."
"belgium s political crisis may be the result of years of problems finally rearing their heads , said hugo brady , a research fellow at the center for european reform in london ."
"i think theory may have intervened finally , brady said , in a reference to how the nation was constructed ."
elections pit flemish parties in dutch speaking flanders against french speaking parties in wallonia .
every eu member nation is sending a representative to attend a formal signing of the treaty in the portuguese capital .
"if the belgians are unable to send one , it may delay the signing of the treaty ."
"orlando , florida cnn backstreet boy howie dorough is single no more ."
"fellow backstreet boys bandmates were in attendance as dorough , , married leigh boniello at st . james cathedral in a traditional catholic ceremony , people and ok ! magazine reported on their web sites ."
"the wedding took place as planned and all went well , attorney jason l . turner said in an e mail to the associated press ."
"dorough , also known as howie d , proposed to his girlfriend of six years last new year s ."
"she wasn t expecting it , and i was quite nervous more nervous about proposing to her in front of family and friends than about performing in front of , people onstage , dorough told people earlier this year ."
"london , england cnn princess diana and her boyfriend dodi fayed had selected a ring because the couple intended to announce their engagement within a month , a jeweler testified monday ."
"alberto repossi told the inquest into the couple s deaths on august , , that they visited his store in monte carlo a few weeks earlier , on august ."
"shortly afterward , repossi said fayed telephoned to say that he needed this ring for the end of august because at the beginning of september their engagement would be announced ."
"other witnesses at the inquest have expressed skepticism about an engagement , and whether the couple chose a ring in early august ."
"fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed that the impending announcement of an engagement , and the princess alleged pregnancy , provoked a murderous plot against the couple directed by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
"the couple died in a car crash which french and british police have blamed on their driver , henri paul ."
repossi said that diana and fayed picked a ring from his dis moi oui tell me yes range by early august and that the jeweler had sent it to italy
"last week , claude roulet , who was assistant to the president of the ritz hotel and assisted fayed in choosing a ring from repossi s shop in paris , testified that the dis moi oui ring was chosen only hours before the couple died in a car crash ."
"roulet said the ring had been suggested late in the day by repossi s wife , angela , and that fayed apparently made his decision purely on price and did not look at the ring ."
"fayed s butler , rene delorm , testified last week that fayed had confided only on august that he intended to propose to diana ."
"later , as the couple left the hotel , delorm said he raised his eyebrows"
"somali pirates who seized a japanese tanker six weeks ago have threatened to kill the crew members unless a million ransom is paid , a maritime official said monday ."
"the golden nori is carrying crew from the philippines , south korea and myanmar ."
"somali pirates holding the japanese ship are demanding million , said andrew mwangura , head of the kenya based east africa seafarers assistance program ."
they are also saying we are going to kill the crew if our demands are not met .
"deaths are rare during such hijackings . the chemical tanker was anchored in somali waters and carrying up to , tons of highly explosive benzene ."
"the u . s . navy in late october came to the aid of the vessel , with the guided missile destroyer uss porter at one point opening fire to destroy pirate skiffs tied to it . the pirates , though , remained aboard the tanker ."
the u . s . military has recently intervened several times to help ships hijacked by somali pirates .
"somali pirates are trained fighters , in some cases linked to powerful somali clans , outfitted with sophisticated arms and equipment ."
"they have seized merchant ships , ships carrying aid , and once even a cruise ship ."
somalia has not had an effective central government since dictator mohamed siad barre was overthrown in .
now the weak transitional government and its ethiopian allies are battling an iraq style islamic insurgency .
"the british man who reappeared five years after he was believed to have drowned , appeared in court monday , and his wife was charged with two counts of deception ."
", , by deception and making an untrue statement to procure a passport , a spokeswoman for the court told cnn ."
"he entered no plea , the spokeswoman said ."
"the first charge dates back to may , when darwin is accused of obtaining money fraudulently from unat direct insurance management ltd . by falsely claiming that he had been killed in an accident the previous year ."
", by cash transfer and the other relating to obtaining pound , by cash transfer ."
"she is expected in court tuesday , police said ."
"she was arrested by police sunday after she flew in to britain on a flight from via atlanta , georgia ."
"she had been living in panama city , panama ."
detective superintendent tony hutchinson said darwin may have gone under the name of john jones and grown a long brown beard during his absence .
the international olympic committee has rejected an attempt by tibet to field its own team at the beijing olympics
"more than tibet supporters including some buddhist monks waved banners and tibetan flags outside the ioc headquarters monday , as delegates from the unofficial tibetan national olympic committee met with the organization s officials to discuss the request ."
"the ioc is not in a position to accept our application , said wangpo tethong , a president of the tibetan group ."
"michel filliau , a senior ioc official who took part in the meeting , said a rule change in meant only national committees from countries recognized by the international community can take part in the olympics ."
"a special exemption is granted to those territories whose national committees were recognized before , said filliau , who directs the ioc s relations with national committees ."
"the palestinian territories , hong kong and taiwan which competes as chinese taipei are among those that benefit ."
"the possibility of a tibetan participating as an independent olympic athlete also won t happen , ioc spokeswoman giselle davies said . in this particular case , athletes from the region would fall under the national olympic committee of china , davies said ."
"beijing dismissed outright the request from tibet , which has been controlled by china since ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn cristina fernandez was sworn in monday as argentina s first elected female president , completing a rare husband wife transfer of power that the nation hopes will ensure continued recovery from an economic meltdown ."
"half a decade after the financial blowout , which her husband and departing president nestor kirchner has called an economic hell , fernandez embarked on a four year term , challenged with prolonging a recovery that has seen annual growth rates above percent ."
"the government that is coming is going to be much better than the one that s now leaving , kirchner said ."
"in congress , controlled by fernandez s forces , applauded as the year old leader took her oath ."
scores of police blocked streets around congress for the inauguration attended by fellow south american presidents .
fernandez won percent of the vote against a divided opposition on october .
she joins michelle bachelet in neighboring chile as the second female president in south america .
"fernandez seems unlikely to alter kirchner s alliance with latin american leftists , including venezuela s hugo chavez , but she could forge better ties with the next u . s . president"
"at home , the new president will try to correct some lingering headaches from the kirchner term"
"inflation that private economists estimate in the double digits , corruption scandals and a sputtering energy crisis ."
barcelona closed the gap at the top on leaders real madrid to four points with a win over struggling deportiva la coruna in the nou camp on sunday .
xavi hernandez scored the winner for barca after minutes to secure a vital three points .
it was their eighth successive home victory on the trot and notable for the return to action of star striker samuel eto o after a long injury layoff .
"in earlier play on sunday , atletico madrid enhanced their claims for a champions league spot with a tempestuous victory over neighbors getafe as four players were sent off ."
"referee carlos clos gomez handed out cards , four of them red as both sides finished with nine men ."
the party of former prime minister nawaz sharif announced sunday that it would participate in pakistan s parliamentary elections next month after failing to convince rival benazir bhutto to join a boycott .
"greater participation will make the balloting look more open , bolstering president pervez musharraf s democratic credentials , which took a hit over his november declaration of a state of emergency and his dismissal of independent minded judges ."
"but having by the opposition in the field also will siphon votes and seats from musharraf s party , weakening the u . s . backed leader ."
"movement , comprised of parties and political groups led by sharif s pakistan muslim league n , met sunday to cobble together a joint stance ."
at the end of the talks sharif s party announced its participation .
the other groups will decide on their own whether to stay away .
"still , in the current volatile political environment , last minute snags remain possible , with several opposition leaders claiming the government is preparing to rig the vote ."
"berlin , germany cnn karlheinz stockhausen , whose innovative electronic works made him one of the most important composers of the postwar era , has died at age ."
"stockhausen , who gained fame through his avant garde works in the s and s and later moved into composing works for huge theaters and other projects , died wednesday , germany s music academy said , citing members of his family ."
no cause of death was given .
"he is known for his electronic compositions that are a radical departure from musical tradition and incorporate influences as varied as the visual arts , the acoustics of a particular concert hall , and psychology ."
stockhausen was considered by some an eccentric member of the european musical elite and by others a courageous pioneer in the field of new music .
"stockhausen sparked controversy in , when he described the september , , attacks in the united states as the greatest work of art one can imagine during a news conference in the northern german city of hamburg , where several of the suicide pilots had lived ."
"the composer later apologized , but the city still canceled performances of his concerts ."
"stockhausen was born in the village of moedrath near cologne in western germany on august , ."
"his father was killed in world war ii and his mother also died , leaving him orphaned as a teenager ."
"after completing his studies in musicology , philosophy and german literature at the university of cologne , he went on to study under composer olivier messiaen in paris from to , where he also met his french contemporary pierre boulez ."
"stockhausen wrote more than works , including more than pieces of electronic or electro acoustic music and brought out more than different albums ."
he was known for conducting nearly all of the premiere performances of his works .
"london , england cnn how do you make a good travel experience out of a business trip ?"
"there may be times when quick and efficient transfers and check ins are what is most important from a excursion , but with the holiday season almost upon us , even the most hardened road warriors will be forgiven for thinking more about winding down for the year than business ."
some airlines use the christmas and new year period to discount their business class seats and offer some extra perks .
"with the weak dollar , transatlantic carriers have been full to the brim with leisure and business travelers keen to take advantage of favorable exchange rates ."
all business class airline silverjet has spotted an attractive way to get bums on seats and give time pressed business travelers a helping hand in their christmas present buying with a retail therapist .
passengers on the airline s flights from london to new york and dubai get the benefit of british journalist lucia van der post s extensive shopping knowledge .
"for many , though , christmas shopping might seem more a chore rather than a good way to make the most of their down time on a business trip ."
"falling short of a personal assistant or good old fashioned butler to do the leg work for you , an online concierge service could the next best thing ."
getfriday and ask sunday are two companies catering for a growing demand among time poor professionals and business travelers for someone else to deal with life s tedious chores .
"for an hour , customers with getfriday an indian company based in bangalore are paired with a personal assistant ."
"the customer can call or email their overseas assistant , calling them by their first name for that personal touch and request almost anything , from helping to draft documents to more everyday chores such as paying bills that they might not be able to pay because they are away on business ."
canadian company trufflepig is a bespoke travel firm that caters for high end travelers and those with a demanding disposition to be shown something exceptional .
"founder charlie scott and his small team of luxury travel hunters use their extensive travel knowledge and local contacts to organize trips catered to their clients desires and budgets , either giving them a detailed itinerary or putting them in contact with locals or guides ."
"monrovia , liberia cnn officials have confirmed the presence in liberia of mass graves which are believed to hold the remains of people massacred during the country s year civil war ."
"jerome verdier , chairman of liberia s truth and reconciliation commission headed a team that visited the four villages where the graves are located ."
"the commission had gone to the villages to encourage residents to share their past with the truth commission and were led to the graves , located in lofa county on liberia s border with guinea and sierra leone ."
"the smallest grave is believed to hold people , while the largest has as many as bodies , said verdier ."
"the mass graves that we saw are something the people are living with , he said . in some places , they have the full names of those who were buried ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn hugo chavez and leaders of six other south american nations launched a regional development bank sunday that the venezuelan leader is touting as the continent s answer to u . s . influenced international lenders ."
"with as much as billion in expected startup capital , backers say the banco del sur , or bank of the south , will offer latin american countries loans with fewer strings attached than those given by the world bank , the international monetary fund or the inter american development bank ."
"the leaders signed the founding act at a ceremony at argentina s presidential palace hosted by president nestor kirchner and his wife , president elect cristina fernandez , who takes office monday ."
"south american dignitaries and government officials cheered after the leaders signed the accord on a glass topped table , backed by flags of their south american nations ."
"this is the start of a historical moment , said bolivian president evo morales , whose country is the continent s poorest ."
he praised the bank as a new tool to fight poverty and ease inequalities and criticized what he characterized as heavy handed lending practices of international lenders who demand austerity prescriptions as conditions for extending credit .
"only strong and united can south america occupy its rightful place among nations , brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva said . this will be the first international bank truly controlled by the nations of our continent ."
"earlier , chavez said the bank is aimed at freeing us from the chains of dependence and underdevelopment ."
the institution is one of several far reaching proposals under chavez s ambitious call to unite latin american countries in a confederation of republics .
his vision also includes a transcontinental natural gas pipeline and trade alliances .
critics note much remains to be determined about how the bank will operate and say it might turn out to be a largely symbolic project used by chavez to spread his oil financed influence .
but others call it a bold stroke for latin america s financial independence .
"finance ministers of argentina , bolivia , brazil , ecuador , paraguay , uruguay and venezuela will sit on the bank s board ."
officials say it will dispense loans for projects from road building to anti poverty programs and regional integration plans such as cross border rail lines .
venezuelan officials say the bank s loans will be issued at interest rates similar to those of other international lenders .
"the bank will be headquartered in caracas , with bolivian and argentine branches ."
"los angeles police arrested a year old loyola marymount university student in connection with an online threat to shoot people on campus , officials said saturday ."
"police arrested carlos huerta , a senior at loyola , for investigation of making criminal threats ."
huerta was taken into custody saturday night near his apartment on campus .
"huerta is suspected of posting a message that he would shoot and kill as many people as possible on campus before being killed himself by police , authorities said ."
"the anonymous threat appeared on a chat board called juicycampus . com , used primarily by college students ."
"university officials reported the threat to police around a . m . saturday , said los angeles police department spokesman officer mike lopez ."
"officers were dispatched to patrol the campus as a precaution , and campus entrances were restricted ."
"investigators working with campus officials were eventually able to determine that the threat had come from the computer registered to huerta , police said ."
"after years covering politics , i m a hard sell . i ve seen every gimmick known to politicians"
"train trips , hang gliders , pyrotechnics and intimate conversations with voters in barber shops , front porches , diners and ice cream shops . lord knows i have seen hundreds of endorsements ."
"but the double o show , coming to an early primary state near you , was something else again ."
"there was an iowa for obama sign on the wall , adorned with white christmas tree lights ."
"there were a couple of signs , but no fireworks , no hang gliders , just oprah and obama and thousands of their closest friends packed into a cavernous arena in downtown des moines ."
gayle king oprah s bff told one of the women seated next to her that oprah was up until three in the morning writing her speech introducing obama .
she told people backstage she was nervous .
"baghdad , iraq cnn authorities imposed a curfew in hilla on sunday after a roadside bomb killed a provincial police chief and two other officers , an official with the interior ministry said ."
"today , iraq has lost a dear son and a brave military leader , a citizen that always abided by the law , the constitution and values of rights and justice , iraqi president jalal talabani said in a statement about the death of maj . gen . qais al mamoori ."
"the babel provincial police chief was traveling outside hilla , south of baghdad , when an explosion struck his convoy , officials said ."
two police officers were wounded in the blast .
"local provisional authorities implemented the curfew starting at p . m . minutes after the bomb , the interior ministry official said , adding that the curfew will continue until further notice ."
the authorities also announced a three day mourning period after what they called the police chief s assassination .
"this criminal act is one of a series of assassinations that took place recently in the south , talabani said , noting that the governors of wasit and diwaniya provinces have been killed as well ."
"the assassinations have been aimed at preventing stability and the rule of law , he said ."
talabani condemned the cowardly act and called for the perpetrators to be brought to justice .
"london , england cnn the wife of canoe man john darwin , presumed dead until he walked into a london police station earlier this month , has been arrested on her return to the uk , police have told cnn ."
"anne darwin , , was arrested by officers when she arrived at manchester airport in northwestern england at gmt sunday on a flight from atlanta , georgia , a spokesman for manchester police said ."
"she was detained , the spokesman said , after a request from cleveland police , which is investigating fraud allegations and which covers the area of northern england where darwin and her husband lived at the time of his disappearance ."
she has not been charged and is now at hartlepool police station for questioning .
"john darwin , , was charged by cleveland police in saturday evening with making an untrue statement to procure a passport and obtaining money transfer by deception , detective sgt . iain henderson of cleveland police said saturday ."
"john darwin is to appear monday before hartlepool magistrates court , henderson said , when police plan to ask for him to be remanded in custody ."
henderson added that john darwin was fit and well .
darwin came to worldwide attention after he walked into a police station in london on december and told police officers he was suffering from amnesia and had no memory of the past five years .
"he did so after the remains of a red canoe he paddled into the north sea , off northeastern england , washed up on shore near his home in seaton carew in march ."
"despite an extensive search involving police , coastguards and the royal navy , no trace was found of the prison officer and former teacher ."
within hours his canoe s paddle was recovered by police near the area where he was thought to have disappeared .
two months later the remains of his canoe washed up .
"he was declared dead by a coroner in , months after his disappearance in march ."
"henderson said the police had received many calls , both from the uk and overseas , in response to their appeals for information about john darwin s whereabouts since he was last seen ."
"shortly after he went to police , john darwin was reunited with his two sons , mark and anthony , now aged and , who last week released a joint statement saying the reappearance of their father was a huge shock ."
the sons said their father claimed to have no memory of the past seven years .
"we have spoken with john and he appears to be in good health , however he currently has no memory of events since june , they said ."
"new westminster , british columbia cnn a pig farmer accused of being canada s worst serial killer was found guilty sunday of six counts of second degree murder , which carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison ."
"the verdict ended the trial of robert willie pickton on the first six of murder charges in the deaths of women , most of them prostitutes and drug addicts from a seedy vancouver neighborhood ."
"pickton , , was tried for the killings of mona wilson , sereena abotsway , marnie frey , brenda wolfe , andrea joesbury and georgina papin ."
"the defense acknowledged that their remains were found on pickton s farm outside vancouver , but denied he was responsible for their deaths ."
the jury of seven men and five women began its deliberations friday night .
"they had the option of finding pickton guilty of first degree murder , second degree murder or manslaughter or not guilty on any of the six counts ."
pickton listened to the verdict with his head bowed .
he will receive a mandatory sentence of life in prison and will not be eligible for parole for at least years .
the jury was deliberating sunday whether to extend that year period .
"two jurors , both women , wiped tears from their eyes while the verdict was read ."
prosecutors have said pickton will be tried for the other murder charges but no date has been set .
"last week , judge james williams reviewed the transcript of a videotape in which pickton is heard telling an undercover police officer that he had planned to kill one more woman before stopping at , taking a break and then killing another women ."
prosecution witness andrew bellwood had testified that pickton told him how he strangled his alleged victims and fed their remains to his pigs .
"a black clad man armed with a rifle opened fire on worshippers at a colorado springs , colorado , megachurch sunday afternoon , wounding several people , church and hospital officials reported ."
"rob brendle , an associate pastor at new life church , said the attack took place inside the church after a late morning service and that the suspect was fatally shot ."
"but police spokesman lt . fletcher howard said he could confirm no fatalities , and that all of the shooting occurred outside the church , in the parking lot ."
"when we got here , there were victims out here in the parking lot and everyone else was in the church , he said ."
"he said a suspect was in custody , but police do not know the motive for the attack nor any relationship between the suspect and the victims ."
"howard would not confirm the number of wounded , but added , we have some people that are in shock , which is to be expected after an event like this takes place ."
"lt . lari sevene , a spokeswoman for the el paso county sheriff s department , said the attack took place shortly after p . m . and said possibly two or three people were wounded ."
"francis hospital in colorado springs , told cnn that several victims were taken to the hospital ."
"the shooting at new life church came about hours after a shooting at a missionary training center in arvada , outside denver , left two people dead and two wounded ."
the gunman in that incident is still being sought by police .
"as of sunday afternoon , there was no known connection between the two incidents ."
arvada and colorado springs are about miles apart .
an ice storm grounded airline flights and knocked out power to thousands of customers from oklahoma to illinois on sunday .
two traffic deaths were blamed on icy roads in oklahoma .
ice as much as a half inch thick coated roads and tree limbs in parts of extreme southeast kansas and northeastern oklahoma .
"an additional three quarters of an inch of ice was possible by late monday in some areas of oklahoma , the national weather service said ."
"at kansas city international airport , flights had been canceled by midmorning sunday , and flights were called off at st . louis lambert international airport ."
"blunt s office said tens of thousands of people were without power in central , southwest and northeast missouri ."
"utilities in oklahoma reported nearly , homes and business without electricity during the afternoon sunday ."
british prime minister gordon brown flew into southern iraq sunday to rally troops who are handing over the last region under their control to iraqi forces this month .
"britain plans to give responsibility for basra province to iraqi forces in mid december , relinquishing the last of four regions of southern iraq it occupied after the invasion ."
"we have managed now to get iraq to a far better position . . . we re able to move to provincial control and that is thanks to what you have achieved , brown told"
the leader s unannounced visit signals the start of what britain hopes will be the transition from a military mission in iraq to one aimed at aiding iraq s economy and providing jobs .
"britain s contingent of , troops in iraq will fall to , by the spring ."
"new york cnn billy joel has released a new pop single , the anti war christmas in fallujah ."
just don t expect to hear his voice on it .
"at , joel felt he was too old to sing the song , which was inspired by letters the piano man received from soldiers in iraq ."
"so he gave it to cass dillon , a year old singer songwriter from long island ."
"i ve had my time in the sun . i think it s time for somebody else , maybe , to benefit from my own experience ."
dillon said he was thrilled to be asked by joel .
"when someone of that stature , with that history of great songs behind him with such a huge catalog asks you to sing something he s written , there s nothing you can do but be completely honored to perform , dillon said in a statement ."
christmas in fallujah went on sale tuesday on apple inc . s itunes .
"net proceeds will be donated to homes for our troops , which builds homes for severely wounded veterans of iraq and afghanistan ."
"london , england cnn the british man who reappeared five years after he was thought to have drowned changed his identity during his disappearance and tried to buy a catamaran to go sailing around the world , a boat dealer said friday ."
"it comes as a judge in hartlepool magistrates court in northeast england granted police another hours to question john darwin , . police had sought a warrant for an extension of his detention ."
"robert hopkin , of gibraltar , said darwin came to see him in november over the sale of a foot catamaran worth pound , , ."
gibraltar is a british territory on the southern tip of spain .
hopkin said darwin introduced himself as john jones and that he acted a little bit suspicious .
"darwin walked into a police station in london last week , and claimed to have amnesia ."
he was arrested late tuesday on suspicion of fraud .
"his wife , anne , is believed to be in the united states after leaving panama on a flight late thursday , a panamanian immigration representative told cnn ."
the remains of a kayak he paddled into the north sea off the coast of seaton carew had washed up on shore the year before .
"hopkin , the boat dealer , described his meeting with darwin to cnn ."
"he said the boat was for him and his partner and he was going sailing around the world , hopkin said ."
hopkin said the sale fell through after darwin walked away from the deal .
"the catamaran owner said he only realized darwin was the same man who had come to visit him when he received a call from police in britain investigating the missing man , who had traced paperwork to his business ."
"on thursday , the couple s sons said they feared they may have been the victims of a huge scam carried out by their own parents ."
"in a joint statement released by police , darwin s sons , mark , , and anthony , , said they were in an angry and confused state of mind and they wanted no further contact with their parents ."
a cleveland police spokeswoman said friday they wanted to speak to anne darwin .
"however we can confirm that if and when mrs . darwin does appear in britain then police want to speak to her as a matter of urgency , the spokeswoman said ."
"following media reports thursday that anne darwin had confessed to knowing her husband was alive , the sons said if the papers allegations of a confession from our mam are true , then we very much feel that we have been the victims in a large scam ."
anne darwin was tracked down by reporters to her new central american home in panama city where she moved six weeks ago .
"the british tabloid newspaper the daily mirror reported that the wife broke down crying when she was shown a photograph , which appeared to show her posing with her husband in the panamanian capital last year ."
"reacting to the photo , anne darwin , who had earlier said in a statement released through her sons that she had not seen her husband in the last five years , said my sons are never going to forgive me , the paper reported ."
"through a rollercoaster of emotion , said the sons statement , released through cleveland police , the force investigating the case ."
"new york cnn the september crackdown on pro democracy demonstrators by the myanmar military junta was bloodier than the government admitted to , human rights watch said in a report released friday ."
"the crackdown . . . is far from over , said human rights watch asia director brad adams . harsh repression continues , and the government is still lying about the extent of the deaths and detentions ."
"according to the group , the claims in its page report are based on more than interviews with eyewitnesses in myanmar and thailand ."
"myanmar s military junta has acknowledge deaths during the demonstrations and crackdown , but there are reports that hundreds ."
"in mid october , the government admitted to detaining more than , people , but said most had been released ."
"the report documented the killing of people in yangon , but human rights watch believes that the death toll there was much higher , and that hundreds remain in detention , the group said in a statement ."
human rights watch said it was unable to gather information on killings and detentions from other cities and towns where demonstrations took place .
"in late november , u . n . envoy paulo sergio pinheiro said as many as were believed to have been killed during the demonstrations including buddhist monks ."
"video smuggled out of the secretive country has shown unarmed protesters being beaten by government security forces , and one man a japanese journalist shot and killed at close range ."
"it s time for the world to impose a un arms embargo and financial sanctions , to hurt myanmar s leaders until they make real changes , said adams ."
"countries like china , india and thailand have the responsibility to take action to help hold the generals accountable and to end this long nightmare of military repression ."
"paris , france cnn french officials are trying to determine who sent a parcel bomb that exploded thursday in a paris law office , killing a female assistant who opened the package ."
"the blast seriously injured a lawyer standing nearby , but his injuries are not life threatening , french interior minister michele alliot marie said"
"speaking from the scene hours after the blast , alliot marie said a courier delivered the makeshift letter bomb a short time before it detonated at approximately p . m . a . m . et ."
she said two explosive devices were inside the parcel one detonated and the other did not .
"the package containing explosives was delivered to a fourth floor law office in a building on the boulevard malesherbes in paris th district , near the champs elysees ."
"the office handles civil and commercial work , according to paris prosecutor jean claude marin , who is participating in the investigation . it is unclear why it would be the target of an attack , marin said ."
he added it was unclear who the package was addressed to because of the extent of the damage .
paris mayor bertrand delanoe called it a despicable act which must be condemned .
"cnn natascha kampusch , the austrian teenager who was held prisoner for eight years in a basement , will have her own television chat show , her media adviser confirmed to cnn thursday ."
the year old made headlines around the world after she escaped from a subterranean bunker below the house of wolfgang priklopil in a suburb of vienna months ago .
her captor killed himself by throwing himself under a train only hours after she fled .
"kampusch will be hosting a show on the austrian television station puls , wolfgang brunner , her adviser said ."
"a pilot episode of the show has already been filmed and the first episodes are expected to air some time in february , christina patzl , a spokeswoman for puls"
"the teenager chose huemer because she regularly listened to his show during her captivity , she said ."
kampusch was only years old when she was kidnapped on her way to school in march .
for most of her ordeal she was kept in a tiny underground dungeon by priklopil . after her dramatic escape she emerged pale and ghostly white .
"in the last months , kampusch has been transformed into a media personality , appearing on television shows around the world ."
"on her new web site , launched in association with the television station , studio photos of the teenager sit alongside a short video in which she personally welcomes visitors to the site ."
the teenager is thought to have been flooded with book and film offers for her story .
she said careful consideration was being given to the teenager s mental well being and the program makers were in constant contact with her therapists throughout the filming process .
"monrovia , liberia cnn officials have confirmed the presence in liberia of mass graves which are believed to hold the remains of people massacred during the country s year civil war ."
"jerome verdier , chairman of liberia s truth and reconciliation commission headed a team that visited the four villages where the graves are located ."
"the commission had gone to the villages to encourage residents to share their past with the truth commission and were led to the graves , located in lofa county on liberia s border with guinea and sierra leone ."
"the smallest grave is believed to hold people , while the largest has as many as bodies , said verdier ."
"the mass graves that we saw are something the people are living with , he said . in some places , they have the full names of those who were buried ."
"paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy has made a direct appeal to a colombian rebel group to release a french citizen held hostage for the last five years ."
video footage of ingrid betancourt who also holds colombian citizenship emerged last week showing her looking emaciated and worn out .
"betancourt , who was kidnapped in while she was campaigning for the colombian presidency , has become a cause celebre in france ."
"sarkozy made an appeal to her captors the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as farc on french television late wednesday ."
"to see ingrid among her family this christmas , the french president said , in an appeal on the television station tf ."
"sarkozy directed his impassioned appeal to the leader of the farc rebels , manuel marulanda , to release the french colombian politician ."
"you must save a woman in danger of death . you can show the world that farc understands humanitarian imperatives . monsieur marulanda , you carry a great responsibility , sarkozy said ."
"the plight of betancourt , who is a french citizen through an earlier marriage , was further highlighted by her son lorenzo , who unveiled a giant still picture from the recent footage of his mother in front of paris city hall on wednesday ."
"i think the french president will do everything he can to help us , but he must make all efforts possible as soon as possible ."
"we are at a turning point , and maybe a last turning point , he told french television at the unveiling ceremony , hours before sarkozy s address ."
betancourt was among a group of hostages that venezuelan president hugo chavez was attempting to release through a prisoner exchange deal which would have seen farc guerrillas set free .
"the exchange bid collapsed , however , after the colombian president accused chavez of breaking an agreement ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn scores of lawyers rallied outside the house of pakistan s ousted chief justice to demand his reinstatement on thursday in the latest demonstration against emergency measures imposed by the country s crisis hit president ."
the protest came as opposition leader nawaz sharif tried to breach security outside the home of the former chief justice iftikhar muhammed chaudhry in islamabad to try to meet with him .
"chaudhry has been kept in his home since november , when president pervez musharraf imposed a state of emergency , using it to crackdown on opponents , including members of the judiciary likely to block his new term as president ."
"a spokesman for sharif s pakistan muslim league told cnn that sharif would attempt to talk with chaudhry , who was among judges sacked by musharraf ."
"musharraf , who quit as military chief and was installed for a second five year term last month , has drawn criticism from nuclear armed pakistan s western allies for the emergency , which he says will end ahead of a january election ."
the officer cited risks to security and law and order as reasons for keeping him under wraps and restricting access to his home .
"outnumbering protesters three to one , hundreds of pakistani security force members , some dressed in riot gear , stood behind barbed wire and concrete blocks that blocked off one of the roads leading to chaudhry s house ."
scores of protesters chanted go musharraf !
"chaudhry has issued key rulings that have weakened musharraf s grip on power including lifting the exile imposed on sharif , an outspoken critic of musharraf , the man who ousted him from power in a military coup ."
"sharif returned to pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in saudi arabia . ."
"earlier this week sharif was disqualified from participating in pakistan s january parliamentary elections because of a previous criminal conviction , a party spokesman said ."
"new delhi cnn a tibetan woman said wednesday that she pulled out of a beauty pageant in malaysia after organizers , reacting to pressure from beijing , told her halfway through the event that she could only participate if she added china to her miss tibet title ."
"tsering chungtak , , was allowed to participate in the preliminary rounds of the miss tourism contest for one week , but was later told by the organizers to either wear a sash labeled miss tibet china or quit , she told reporters after her return to the indian capital , new delhi ."
"participants from countries are vying for the title of miss tourism , to be selected on saturday in malaysia ."
"i felt that this was not acceptable to me at all , chungtak said wearing a sash labeled miss tibet on her long cream colored dress ."
chungtak said the founder of the pageant told her on december about the chinese pressure over the issue that a tibetan could only participate as a tibetan chinese .
"when the organizers allowed me to take part in the preliminaries this time , i thought that there was a change in the chinese policy , she said ."
"chungtak , a student of sociology in a new delhi college , was crowned miss tibet in at a contest in the northern indian town of dharmsala , home to a majority of tibetan exiles and the seat of their spiritual leader , the dalai lama ."
the tibetan issue is same as ever .
"china is in control of tibet and there is no freedom in tibet , she said ."
"lincoln , nebraska cnn the troubled teen who killed eight people and himself at an omaha , nebraska , mall was placed in a mental health treatment center five years ago after making homicidal threats toward his stepmother , a state official said thursday ."
at one point during that period hawkins also filed a report with police alleging he was molested by a roommate at one of the facilities .
"the case was resolved internally , according to the report ."
"hawkins was sent to piney ridge center in waynesville , missouri , on may , a day after his th birthday ."
"the center specializes in mental health and substance abuse services , according to its web site ."
landry said hawkins was placed at the center because of homicidal threats to his stepmother .
"he also had two psychiatric hospitalizations , and has been diagnosed with attention deficit disorder , mood disorder , oppositional defiant disorder , and parent child relationship problems , landry said ."
"according to landry , hawkins treatments were extensive , and cost the state , while he was in its custody ."
"this tragedy was not a failure of the system to provide appropriate quality services for a youth that needed it , he said ."
maruca kovac described hawkins on cnn s anderson cooper wednesday night as kind of like a pound puppy that nobody wanted .
"paraphrasing a suicide note he left in their home , she said , he didn t want to be a burden to people and said that he was a piece of s all of his life and that now he d be famous ."
hawkins body was found on the third floor of the von maur store inside westroads mall .
"omaha police chief thomas warren said hawkins visited with a friend before going to the mall , and he sent a text message to a girl , apparently a recent ex girlfriend ."
"he also left voicemail for his mother , warren said ."
"maruca kovac told cnn hawkins left the house wednesday about a . m . , and called her about two hours later , sounding upset ."
"he just said he wanted to thank me for everything i d done for him . . . and he was sorry , maruca kovac said ."
"he told her he had been fired that day from his job at mcdonald s , she said ."
"i said , come home and we ll talk about it ."
"he said , it s too late . he said he d left a note explaining everything ."
"the suicide note left at maruca kovac s home was turned over to police , who wouldn t divulge its contents ."
"this past summer , hawkins tried to enlist in the u . s . army but was turned down , a source familiar with the situation told cnn ."
"he said he d had a rough time in his life and wanted to see about changing it , army sgt . edward dust said ."
"hawkins had been on antidepressants but stopped taking them because they made him feel weird , maruca kovac said ."
"when he first came and lived with us , he was in the fetal position and chewed his fingernails all the time , and was unemployed , and hopeless . after awhile , he got a job and came out of that , maruca kovac told cnn ."
"he also got a haircut , and seemed happier , she said ."
"a friend , shawn saunders , told cnn , it s still hard to imagine the guy that i knew , that i used to hang out with , was capable of something like this ."
"he added , i m not sure the level of depression , i just know he was on antidepressants the last couple of months ."
i guess it was just getting worse over time with the loss of his job and i guess issues he had going on with the girlfriend at the time .
"brussels , belgium cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice won support from european allies thursday for new u . n . sanctions against iran over its nuclear program ."
nato foreign ministers agreed to stay the course in seeking fresh measures at the united nations to persuade iran to stop uranium enrichment and reprocessing despite a new u . s . intelligence report that concluded the country halted it nuclear weapons ambitions in .
"earlier thursday , ahead of rice s meetings in belgium , the leaders of both france and germany expressed similar sentiments , calling for a two pronged approach of pressure and negotiations with iran ."
"i think we are in a process and that iran continues to pose a danger , german chancellor angela merkel said in paris at a joint news conference with french president nicolas sarkozy in response to the new american findings that were released monday ."
"sarkozy , who supports washington s view , said he backs new sanctions ."
"the threat exists , he said ."
"in brussels , rice held talks with european and russian officials to bolster the u . s . case in her first face to face sessions with world powers that are considering new sanctions since the u . s . national intelligence estimate was made public ."
"i don t see that the nie changes the course that we re on , rice told reporters , as she flew to belgium for talks that will include discussions with former cold war foe russia , which , along with china , has resisted new iran sanctions ."
"ahead of formal alliance meetings on friday , rice met thursday with the foreign ministers of italy , belgium and britain , as well as european union foreign policy chief javier solana and nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer ."
rice also sees israeli foreign minister tzipi livni on friday .
"israeli officials maintain that iran still is working aggressively to build nuclear arms , despite the new u . s . conclusions ."
the islamic regime in tehran strongly opposes israel s existence and frequently boasts of its ability to strike the jewish state with long range missiles .
"washington cnn the cia destroyed videotapes of interrogations of al qaeda suspects because they no longer had intelligence value and they posed a security risk , cia director michael hayden said thursday ."
"the tapes were made in and destroyed in , hayden said in a letter to cia employees obtained by cnn ."
"they were made as an internal check on the cia s use of harsh interrogation techniques , believed to include waterboarding , a technique that involves restraining a suspect and pouring water them to produce the sensation of drowning ."
"the agency made the decision to destroy the tapes only after it was determined they were no longer of intelligence value and not relevant to any internal , legislative , or judicial inquiries , hayden said ."
a government official with knowledge of the tapes said the tapes were of al qaeda operative abu zubayda and another detainee .
"hayden said the agency began taping interrogations after the capture of zubayda , whose defiant and evasive response to normal questioning . . . made imperative the use of other means to obtain the information ."
"to meet that need , cia designed specific , appropriate interrogation procedures , hayden wrote . before they were used , they were reviewed and approved by the department of justice and by other elements of the executive branch ."
"what matters here is that it was done in line with the law , he said ."
"information obtained from zubayda under the new interrogation procedures led investigators to al qaeda member ramzi bin al shibh , bush said , and information from zubayda and bin al shibh led investigators to khalid sheikh mohammed , the mastermind of the september , , terror attacks ."
"critics have questioned the importance of the information obtained from zubayda , and the entire question of what type of interrogation techniques are appropriate for use by the united states became a key issue in the confirmation process for attorney general michael mukasey ."
"washington cnn president bush has sent a letter to north korean leader kim jong il urging him to disclose his country s nuclear programs fully , the white house said thursday ."
"the president sent the letter saturday , along with letters to other leaders of nations participating in six party talks about pyongyang s nuclear program , said national security council spokesman gordon johndroe ."
"bush also spoke by phone thursday with chinese president hu jintao , according to china s xinhua news agency ."
"in these letters , the president reiterated our commitment to the six party talks and stressed the need for north korea to come forward with a full and complete declaration of their nuclear programs , as called for in the september six party agreement , johndroe said in a statement ."
"bush and china s hu discussed bilateral relations and the iranian and korean peninsula nuclear issues , xinhua reported ."
"along with beijing , south korea , russia and japan have been participating in the talks , which were spurred after north korea defiantly conducted its first known nuclear weapons test in , prompting international condemnation and sanctions ."
pyongyang also is suspected of sharing its nuclear technology with other nations .
north korea s official korean central news agency reported that bush s personal letter was delivered wednesday by u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill to north korean foreign minister pak ui chun during hill s trip to pyongyang .
north korea has agreed to a december deadline to disable a key nuclear facility that produced materials for nuclear weapons .
"the disabling project has been going well at three sections of north korea s yongbyon complex , hill said wednesday , including its fuel fabrication facility , reactor and reprocessing center ."
"the goal is to disable yongbyon so north korea can t easily make nuclear weapons , according to a transcript of hill s comments to reporters in beijing ."
"north korea is required under a february agreement to present a list of all its nuclear facilities , materials and programs by december ."
but the united states and north korea cannot agree on what items need to be on the list .
hill characterized discussions only as a useful exchange .
second placed nancy moved to within five points of french league leaders lyon after snatching a late draw at man toulouse .
"swedish striker johan elmander , who netted a hat trick in sunday s defeat at bordeaux , opened the scoring in the th minute ."
"however , the home side had goalkeeper nicolas douchez sent off just after the break and coach elie baup was then banished from the touchline minutes from time ."
nancy pressed home their numerical advantage and malonga s goal in the final minute leaves fourth from bottom toulouse two points above the relegation zone .
liga after a draw on wednesday night .
the result leaves sevilla in th position and osasuna in th in the table .
"havana , cuba cnn cuban state security agents followed anti government protesters into a catholic church this week , detaining about a dozen dissidents after hitting and kicking some of them , according to witnesses ."
"some dissidents marched peacefully to a church tuesday in the eastern city of santiago de cuba to request a mass for a dissident arrested earlier in the week , said elizardo sanchez , a leading dissident based in havana ."
sanchez said state security officers attacked the protesters when they arrived at the church and many of them ran inside .
"the repressors , headed by a lieutenant colonel and other state security officers , desecrated the church of santa teresita after kicking open one of the doors and savagely attacking the peaceful dissidents , he said in a statement ."
"he said officers punched , kicked and used pepper gas ."
"five dissidents remain in detention , he added ."
the cuban government did not immediately respond to the accusations .
it considers the splintered dissident groups mercenaries who receive money from the enemy government in washington to undermine the cuban revolution .
"it was a deployment of violence , the rev . jose conrado rodriguez , the church s priest , said by telephone ."
"he said he was taking a bath when he heard screams coming from the church annex , where he leads larger services ."
he said the dissidents already had been detained when he made it downstairs but witnesses told him the officers had used violence and gas against about a dozen protesters .
the priest said he demanded an explanation but that a lieutenant colonel merely told him relations between the state and church were good .
they should recognize that they made a mistake .
"communist cuba frowned on religion for decades , but relations between the catholic church and government warmed after pope john paul ii s visit in ."
"berlin , germany cnn celebrity polar bear knut who won the hearts of millions around the globe as a roly poly orphan cub celebrated his first birthday wednesday with a cake made from eggs and pounds of marzipan ."
"the berlin zoo pulled out all the stops to fete its star attraction , who has gone from a fluffy white powderpuff of a cub to a full grown polar bear with a cheeky curiosity and a penchant for muddying his coat by rolling in the dirt ."
"children were given free entry to the zoo to help celebrate knut s birthday , and proceeds from sales of slices of the cake will go toward the zoo s foundation , officials said ."
"but knut no longer a tiny cub , thanks partly to his penchant for croissants probably won t get a taste of his own birthday cake ."
"abandoned at birth , along with a twin brother who only survived a couple of days , knut first attracted attention when berlin s media picked up the story of his main caregiver camping out at the zoo to give the cub his bottle every two hours ."
"by that time , knut was a three month old white furball , with button eyes and his own fan club ."
"knut has generated more than million for the zoo over the past year in with knut toys , books and other trinkets , and drawing more than double the number of visitors ."
"now that he is grown , the zoo does not have room to keep knut permanently and are considering other offers from zoos in europe , with an eye to finding him a mate , officials say ."
"thomas doerflein , who raised knut by hand , cuddling him and playing with him in addition to feeding him from a bottle , told germany s bild newspaper on wednesday that he hopes the bear will soon find a new home ."
"caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez on wednesday denied he bowed to voters rejection of a referendum only at the prodding by the military and said he would continue to push for sweeping constitutional changes ."
"get ready , because a new offensive is coming , chavez said after breaking into a news conference being given by the military high command to address issues surrounding sunday s vote . if the people collect the signatures , the reform can be submitted for a referendum again ."
"the referendum , which would have opened the door for chavez to hold on to power indefinitely and moved the country toward institutionalized socialism , lost percent to percent , according to official results ."
"in contrast to the conciliatory tone he took in announcing the victory of the no forces early monday , he heaped scorn on the opposition s pyrrhic victory wednesday , saying that they re now filling it with sh ."
"it s a piece of sh victory , and ours they can call it a defeat , but it was courageous , full of valor , full of dignity , he said at the miraflores presidential palace with his top military commanders ."
"chavez and his defense minister , gustavo rangel briceno , rejected media reports that sectors of the military pressured chavez to accept the defeat of his proposals after delays in announcing the referendum results ."
"despite the widespread use of computers to tally the votes , the electoral council did not release results for more than nine hours after polls closed ."
"as the night wore on , opposition leaders , who had access to their own data , publicly called on officials to announce the results ."
"the independent newspaper el nacional , citing unidentified government officials , reported that military officials had pressured chavez to concede during late night deliberations ."
"also hinting at such a military role was former defense minister raul baduel , who played a key role in turning back a coup attempt against chavez in but broke ranks last month over the proposed changes ."
"chavez lashed out at baduel during the wednesday press conference , calling him a traitor who had been bought by the u . s . empire ."
"cnn a year old gunman who killed eight people and then himself wednesday at the westroads mall in omaha , nebraska , left a suicide note , police said ."
"chief thomas warren of the omaha police department called the shooting premeditated , but said it appears to be very random and without provocation ."
"surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting , warren said ."
"we ll be here throughout the night , it s a very extensive crime scene , he said ."
police identified the gunman as robert a . hawkins of nebraska .
they have recovered an sks assault rifle and the suspect s vehicle .
"hawkins had lived for about the past year and a half with debora maruca kovac , who told cnn she took him in because he reminded her of a lost puppy that nobody wanted ."
kovac said she found hawkins suicide note and called his mother .
kovac said that hawkins and his girlfriend had recently broken up and he had just lost his job at a mcdonald s restaurant .
"the gunman s victims include five women and three men , warren said ."
police have yet to determine whether they were mall employees or customers .
"secretary general ban ki moon said he is extremely concerned about the delay in electing a new lebanese president , a hiatus that has gone well past the constitutional timeframe ."
"it is now time for this matter to be resolved without further delay , the secretary general said in a statement issued on wednesday ."
the inability of lebanon s parties to settle on a candidate arises from a power struggle between pro western parties and parties like hezbollah that have the support of syria .
"lebanon has been without a president since november , when the term of emile lahoud expired ."
"the lebanese parliament , which elects the president , has been unable to settle on a candidate ."
"lebanese christian opposition leader michel aoun said last week he could support the candidacy of lebanon s army chief , gen . michel sleiman , to become the country s new president ."
aoun is himself backed for the presidency by hezbollah .
"north korea is rushing toward an end of year deadline to disable a key nuclear facility that produced materials to make nuclear bombs , the united states said wednesday ."
"the fuel fabrication facility , the reactor and the reprocessing center , u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill said ."
"the goal is to disable yongbyon by the end of the year , so north korea can t easily make nuclear bombs , according to a transcript of hill s comments to reporters in beijing ."
one potential hurdle is a declaration spelling out what north korea has been hiding .
"under a deal made in february , north korea is required to hand over a list of all its nuclear facilities , materials and programs by december ."
but the united states and north korea cannot agree on what items need to be on the list .
"hong kong , china ap police armed with riot shields and batons were called in to subdue angry tourists from mainland china who clashed with tour guides in the tiny gambling enclave of macau , police said wednesday ."
"the tourists were apparently unhappy that the guides had taken them to too many shops , when they wanted to see historical sites in the territory that portugal returned to china in , the south china morning post newspaper said ."
"two or three officers were sent to resolve the dispute tuesday which involved more than tourists , police spokesman pun siu tong said ."
"however , the tourists turned on the police , attacking and injuring one officer and then surrounding a police car to prevent the officers from leaving , he said ."
"police armed with riot gear and batons were then dispatched to the scene , he said , denying earlier reports that the police were from macau s riot squad ."
"local tv footage showed police swinging truncheons to beat back crowds of tourists , some of them elderly ."
"four police officers were slightly injured , he said ."
"five tourists were charged with creating a public disturbance and confronting police , he added ."
macau lawmaker antonio ng said the incident had damaged the territory s reputation .
"it s unfortunate that armed police were involved , ng said ."
macau a former sleepy backwater has become a tourist hotspot in recent years as several big name u . s . casino operators such as las vegas resort owners sheldon adelson and steve wynn develop the retail and gambling industry .
macau is the only place in china where gambling is legal .
"more african countries should send peacekeepers to somalia , where an islamic insurgency has killed thousands of civilians this year , secretary of state condoleezza rice said wednesday ."
"rice was in the ethiopian capital , where the african union is headquartered , to meet with african leaders after expressing growing unease about deteriorating security and faltering peace deals in a number of countries on the continent ."
the united nations has said somalia is facing the worst humanitarian crisis in africa .
"uganda has about , troops in somalia , officially as the vanguard of a larger african union peacekeeping force , though so far no other countries have sent reinforcements ."
"ethiopia , which sent soldiers to somalia late last year to wipe out islamic militants , is not part of the peacekeeping force and hoping to withdraw ."
"we do believe the ethiopian forces should not have to stay in somalia past a certain point , and that will require peacekeeping forces , very robust peacekeeping force , and so that will be part of my discussions here , rice said ."
"peacekeepers have tried to pacify somalia before , with tragic results ."
"more than a decade ago , a massive u . n . relief operation was launched for thousands of civilians left starving because of fighting in somalia ."
but attacks by somali militiamen that brought down two black hawk helicopters and killed u . s . servicemen were followed by the withdrawal of u . s . troops and the eventual end of the u . n . peacekeeping operation .
"the somali leadership is going to have to really reach out to all the elements that are not associated with terrorism , rice said ."
he has to find a way to broaden his base of support .
"a british man who reappeared five years after he was thought to have drowned in a canoeing accident has been arrested on suspicion of fraud , police confirmed wednesday ."
"police , who are trying to piece together the movements of john darwin over the last five years , have made a public appeal for information over his whereabouts ."
"they are also investigating the authenticity of a photo published in british tabloid newspaper the daily mirror , which claims to show darwin alongside his wife in an apartment in panama city , panama in july ."
"the year old was presumed dead in after he went missing after going canoeing in the north sea off the coastal town of seaton carew , in northeast england ."
"in an appeal for public help , detective superintendent of the cleveland police , tony hutchinson , said there will be people out there who know exactly where he has been , what he has been doing and where he has been living ."
"hutchinson said police reopened the investigation into the disappearance three months ago , when information about darwin s finances came to light ."
"one side is that he has suffered amnesia , but the other side is that some criminal case has occurred , he said ."
"darwin , a prison officer and former teacher , was declared dead by a coroner in , months after he went missing ."
"but on saturday darwin walked in to a police station in central london and told officers i think i am a missing person , a spokeswoman for cleveland police , the local force investigating the case , told cnn ."
hutchinson said he appeared to be in apparently good health tanned and well nourished .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on wednesday called a u . s . intelligence report that downgraded his country as a nuclear threat a declaration of victory for the iranian nuclear program .
but president bush said later that iran needs to come clean on its nuclear program by detailing past actions and future intentions .
"the iran nuclear issue is a problem and continues to be a problem , bush said ."
bush called on tehran to suspend nuclear enrichment that it says is for civilian purposes but that the u . s . leader says could covertly be converted for military use .
ahmadinejad said this week s u . s . national intelligence estimate saying iran had stopped nuclear weapons work in was vindication . the report said clearly that the iranian
"today , iran has turned to a nuclear country , and all world countries have accepted this fact , the iranian president was quoted as saying ."
"during a televised speech made from ilam province in western iran , ahmadinejad said earlier reports from the united states had been based on shoddy intelligence ."
the bush administration has for years warned that iran s development of nuclear power plants and enriched uranium masked an effort to produce an nuclear bomb .
"kabul , afghanistan cnn four boy actors in the movie the kite runner have left afghanistan out of concern they could be ostracized or subjected to violence because of a rape scene in the movie , a film executive said ."
"the kite runner , which had its world premiere on tuesday in hollywood , is based on the best selling novel by afghan american writer khaled hosseini ."
"in the story , the main character witnesses the rape of his friend but does nothing to stop it ."
"although the film is not scheduled for release in afghanistan , there are concerns that pirated dvds could reach kabul and some residents might react violently to the rape scene ."
"the four boys , each accompanied by a relative , left afghanistan and arrived in the united arab emirates on friday , said megan colligan , executive vice president of marketing for paramount vantage , which is releasing the film ."
"studio executives felt they should get the boys out of the country before the kite runner opens december in the united states , colligan said ."
"we were told that what really might trigger any sort of reaction would be pirated copies of the film entering the country , which could set off widespread rumors about the content ."
"in september , the father of one of the boys told the associated press he had asked that the rape scene be cut from the film ."
"but the film s producers , bennett walsh and rebecca yeldham , said they were surprised by the mahmidzada s comments at the time , adding that they had already spoken with the families of the actors and addressed their concerns about the scene ."
"cnn actor brad pitt plans to focus on rebuilding new orleans and extending his family , he told cnn s larry king but acting may not be in his long term future ."
"i think it s really more of a younger man , younger woman s game ."
"he hasn t ruled it out completely i d like to drop in if i m still invited every few years or so , he told king but he said he wants to pursue some other interests as well ."
"at this point , i d rather it takes so much time , and there s just other things i d rather be doing , said pitt , who soon turns , during the course of a freewheeling interview ."
"right now , pitt s primary goal is to help rebuild new orleans ."
"on monday , the actor announced plans to build eco friendly homes in the louisiana city s lower th ward , an area devastated by hurricane katrina ."
"in the storm s aftermath , the community s housing stock was largely demolished , leaving many of its residents living in trailers ."
"pitt , who purchased a french quarter mansion in new orleans earlier this year with angelina jolie , said he s met th ward residents who did everything right worked hard , bought homes , sent kids to college but now feel abandoned ."
this was a man made failure . this should not have happened .
"but it can be fixed , he said ."
pitt said his make it right project won t stop with rebuilding the lower th ward .
the ultimate goal is to build eco friendly homes throughout new orleans and the gulf coast .
pitt gave million to make it right .
he also acknowledged that he s uncomfortable being a celebrity .
"celebrity , though , is useful when he can leverage it for a good cause , he added ."
"he doesn t like , however , how the paparazzi use his four children ."
"they call out my kids by name , shove cameras in their faces , pitt said ."
"despite the unwelcome attention , pitt told king that he wants more children with jolie . we re just getting started , he said ."
he called jolie a fantastic mother .
"dedicated , kids first , he said . she s really inventive and great fun to them and very , very protective ."
"he and jolie rarely argue , he said ."
"no , not really , he said . we challenge each other a lot . have good fun with that ."
"cnn a gunman killed eight people and wounded five others wednesday at the popular westroads mall in omaha , nebraska , before apparently turning the gun on himself , police said ."
"we do not believe that we have any other shooter , said sgt . teresa negron ."
the person we believe to be the shooter has died of a self inflicted gunshot wound .
"seven people died at the scene , and two a man and a woman died after reaching creighton university medical center ."
three of the wounded are in critical condition .
the shootings began just before p . m . at the von maur store inside the shopping complex .
"the gunman had a rifle and most of the victims were shot inside the store , negron said ."
police were still trying to identify the dead and were looking for a vehicle the gunman may have used to come to the mall .
"after the shootings began , shoppers and employees streamed out of the building with their hands up ."
"some described hiding in clothes racks , dressing rooms and bathrooms after hearing the shots ."
"i was standing around getting ready to go back to work and all of a sudden i heard this bang , bang , bang it sounded like someone shooting fireworks , a witness told cnn affiliate ketv . i ran to get away from whatever was happening ."
shoppers described scenes of horror as they fled the mall .
"we heard about , shots , and on our way our we did see someone down by the escalator , bleeding , jennifer cramer told ketv ."
another witness said people started running frantically from the von maur area saying there was a shooting .
"immediately after that , there was a series of maybe to more shots up on the third floor ."
she said she saw a man shot on the second floor and at least four or five people brought out on gurneys .
"as news of the shooting spread , people gathered outside the mall , checking on loved ones who were inside ."
"the shopping center will be closed until at least thursday , police said ."
"the london olympic games could go over its . billion pound . b . b euro budget , a top official admitted on tuesday ."
"john armitt , the chairman of the olympic delivery authority , told a british parliamentary committee that the . billion pound . b euro . b fund set aside for budget overspend may not be enough ."
"in march , the british government announced the budget for building the olympic venues and regenerating east london had leapt to . billion pounds from the billion pounds estimated in the bid documents . part of that new"
budget was the . billion pound contingency .
"johannesburg , south africa cnn tens of thousands of striking miners took to the streets in johannesburg tuesday in a protest over safety levels in the industry ."
"some , protesters gathered outside the chamber of mines in the city center to call for greater safeguards for miners after miners died underground this year to september , the national union of mineworkers said ."
"superintendent lungelo dlamini , a spokesman for johannesburg police , said police estimated that at least , people attended the rally , though he said that the figure could be as high as , ."
dlamini said the event was peaceful and there had been no arrests .
"the , member mineworkers union , which called the one day action , said it was the first industry wide strike to hit the mining sector in the country s history ."
south africa is a leading producer of gold and platinum and has some of the deepest mines in the world some over two miles underground .
"however , the mineworkers union said not enough is being done to protect the safety of its members , with the number of deaths on the job for already surpassing the figure for all of by ."
"speaking on the phone from the rally , union spokesman lesiba seshoka said the protest sent a clear message to mine owners that action needed to be taken ."
"we need action , seshoka said , estimating that around , people were present for event ."
"the union had earlier predicted that around , of its members would join the protest march ."
the protest follows a high profile accident in october at harmony gold s elandrand mine .
"a shaft elevator malfunctioned , trapping , workers underground for almost two days ."
"after the incident , thabo mbeki , south african president , ordered a safety audit of all the country s mines ."
"tens of thousands of people in yellow shirts , waving yellow flags , packed the streets around the grand palace in bangkok , where bhumibol made a rare public appearance from the balcony of his ceremonial throne hall only the sixth such appearance in his year reign ."
"dressed in a gold brocade robe , bhumibol stepped onto the balcony and sat in a golden throne as the crowd erupted in shouts of long live the king !"
bhumibol s birthday is a national holiday in thailand and has become a day of nationwide tribute to the man who is the most influential figure in modern thai history .
"regarded by some as semi divine , he is known for his lifelong dedication to helping thailand s needy ."
"bhumibol is a constitutional king with no formal political role , but has repeatedly brought calm in times of turbulence and is considered the country s moral authority ."
"president george w . bush will travel to the mideast in january as he pursues a peace deal between israel and the palestinians during his final year in office , u . s . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe has said ."
"johndroe confirmed that bush will make the trip , but would not divulge details of his itinerary ."
"israeli television reported bush will stop in israel a significant event because it would be bush s first visit as president , although he did go as governor of texas ."
"he did , however , leave the door open for a possible trip in the future ."
the president has also said he will travel to africa in early .
it was unclear whether the mideast trip will be in conjunction with that journey .
"following last week s mideast conference in annapolis , bush appointed former nato commander and retired marine gen . james jones to an advisory role in the middle east peace process ."
"u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice announced that jones will assume the role of special envoy for mideast security , advising rice and bush as the white house seeks to play an active role in advancing the peace process in the region ."
"police arrested an army soldier who allegedly took part in last week s botched coup attempt , as he tried to board a flight to the u . s . at manila airport wednesday , officials said ."
"alvin celestino was caught on his way to board a northwest airlines flight to detroit , national police chief avelino razon said ."
"he had a u . s . visa but did not have travel permission from authorities , razon added ."
a seven hour standoff was led by officers who walked out of their trial thursday on earlier insurrection charges and immediately commandeered the peninsula hotel in manila .
most of them surrendered after government forces drove an armored carrier through the front entrance and fired tear gas and warning shots .
"police had earlier said they were still searching for at least four suspects , including a marine captain , who escaped the hotel ."
prosecutors filed rebellion charges monday against dissident military officers and their supporters .
"the rebels , led by sen . antonio trillanes , a former navy lieutenant charged with a similar failed power grab in , and u . s . trained army brig . gen . danilo lim , demanded president gloria macapagal arroyo s resignation due to a string of corruption scandals and human rights abuses ."
both had been detained for their alleged roles in past coup plots .
"a suicide car bomber rammed a minibus filled with afghan national army soldiers south of kabul wednesday , killing people , including six soldiers , said military spokesman gen . mohammed zahir azimi ."
"there were no military casualties in that attack , according to nato ."
"in other violence tuesday , a nato service member was killed and two others wounded when an explosion struck a patrol in southern afghanistan , according to a statement from nato s international security assistance force ."
"the name and nationality of the dead soldier was being held , and the wounded personnel s injuries were not considered to be life threatening , the statement said ."
"the attacks coincide with the visit of u . s . defense secretary robert gates , who was meeting with military commanders , his afghan counterpart , abdul rahim wardak , and afghan president hamid karzai ."
he arrived monday for his third visit to the war torn nation since being confirmed as pentagon chief .
"cnn debra lafave , a former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , was arrested tuesday for inappropriate but non sexual contact with a teenage coworker , the hillsborough county sheriff s office said ."
"the association violated the terms of lafave s probation , which forbade her to have contact with anyone under , the sheriff s office said ."
"i can only characterize this as somewhat of a bizarre and unusual violation , said lafave s attorney , john fitzgibbons ."
"lafave , , pleaded guilty in november to having sex with a year old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation ."
lafave was also required to register as a sex offender and abide by numerous conditions .
"she was arrested after corrections officers interviewed a year old girl , who worked at a restaurant where lafave had been employed since january , according to the violation report from florida s corrections department ."
"the teenager told the officers that lafave discussed non work related issues such as family problems , friends , high school , personal life , boyfriend issues and sexual issues in both private one on one conversations with her and in group settings , according to the report ."
"the co worker will turn on january , fitzgibbons said ."
"she was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother s barber shop , the report said ."
"tokyo , japan cnn musicians of the world are getting a new kind of artistic freedom with technology that eliminates the challenging chore of tuning ."
robotics technology developed by german company tronical gmbh in partnership with gibson guitar corp . enables gibson s newest les paul model to tune itself in about two seconds .
"for users who purchase the add on technology , the guitar recognizes pitch ."
"then , its processor directs motors on its six tuning pegs to tighten or loosen the strings accordingly ."
"tronical has offered its powertune system online and through retailers in germany since march , according to the company s web site ."
the gibson les paul guitar model with blue silverburst finish goes on sale globally this friday .
"nashville , tennessee , guitar maker gibson and tronical said powertune is the world s first self tuning technology , and gibson says it is particularly useful for beginners , who tend to find tuning a headache ."
"the les paul silverburst model is to cost about , in japan and , in the u . s . , with self tuning offered for extra ."
"powertune is also listed online for about , and tronical says it can be installed on many different models of electric guitars without leaving a mark ."
guitars with the technology come preset with six types of tuning to play different kinds of music .
"they also can remember a player s additional original tuning styles , by listening with a microphone to the sounds of the strings ."
"to set the instrument to a particular tuning , the user pulls a knob , turns it to the desired style , indicated with a blue light , and then pushes the knob back in ."
an electric signal travels up the strings to the motors on the tuning pegs .
the system is powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery .
"gibson hopes to sell , of the first limited edition robot guitars worldwide , with percent of those sales expected in japan , said yasuhiko iwanade , president of gibson guitar corp . japan ."
"bangkok , thailand cnn a buddhist monastery that provided a hospice for aids patients has been closed down by the regime in myanmar , which is also still arresting dissidents , the top u . s . diplomat in the country said last week ."
"the monastery , in the biggest city yangon , was raided last thursday ."
"apparently , it was ordered closed . no one knows why , said shari villarosa , charge d affaires at the u . s . embassy in myanmar ."
villarosa spoke to reporters last friday during a visit to bangkok in neighboring thailand .
"three military trucks arrived outside the maggin monastery and told everyone inside to leave , according to the online edition of the irrawaddy , a news magazine run by myanmar exiles in thailand ."
"the aids patients were moved by the authorities to an unknown location , it said ."
"the monastery , which also gave aids treatment , was raided during the junta s crackdown on pro democracy activists in september for involvement in monk led protests ."
"we are getting reports on a daily basis of people being picked up , villarosa said ."
it raises questions about the sincerity of the military in pursuing what we will consider to be a genuine dialogue leading to national reconciliation .
"amnesty international said earlier the junta had arrested a dozen activists and buddhist monks this month , despite assurances that the crackdown had stopped ."
"at least people were killed and nearly , people detained during the september crackdown ."
"the regime says all but people have been freed , but amnesty said were still in custody ."
"monasteries in yangon remained deserted , villarosa said , adding that she believed a considerable number of monks were detained ."
"ali hassan al majeed aka chemical ali , sultan hashem ahmed and hussein rashid were sentenced to death in june for their roles in the anfal campaign , an iraqi army operation in kurdish dominated northern iraq that killed tens of thousands of people ."
many sunni arabs and u . s . officials don t think ahmed and rashid should be executed because such a move could anger sunnis .
"after the toppling of hussein s sunni dominated government and the emergence of the shiite dominated power structure , sunni arabs began supporting the insurgency ."
the united states since has made it a political priority to include sunnis in the iraqi power structure .
"at the same time , iraq s shiites might be angry if the three men aren t executed ."
"shiites were persecuted under hussein , and they want to punish convicted members of the former regime ."
"prime minister nuri al maliki wrote a letter to president bush last week asking him to order the military to hand over the three men , the official in al maliki s office said ."
"on sunday , u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte told reporters in baghdad that there are disagreements on what to do about the situation ."
"once the government of iraq has reached a consensus on what they wish to do about these detainees , we will then take action , but at the moment the government of iraq itself has not reached its own consensus as to what to do about this situation . so we await that , negroponte said ."
president bush said tuesday that saudi arabia s king abdullah knows our position loud and clear on the punishment of the victim of a gang rape .
"however , bush said he did not recall having raised the issue during a recent telephone conversation with the king ."
the woman was sentenced to lashes and six months in prison for violating the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man before the rape .
and our opinions were expressed by white house press secretary dana perino from the podium .
"asked whether he personally had pressed king abdullah about the matter , bush responded , i talked to king abdullah about the middle eastern peace . i don t remember if that subject came up ."
a british teacher who was jailed over the naming of a teddy bear said tuesday that she got a bit more than i bargained for during her stint in sudan .
"i am just an ordinary middle aged primary school teacher , gillian gibbons said after arriving in london ."
gibbons was arrested on november on a charge of blasphemy for allowing a class teddy bear at the school where she was teaching to be named mohammed .
"her case set off a flurry of international diplomacy , ending with her pardon monday by sudanese president omar al bashir ."
"gibbons , smiling and gripping the hand of her son john in the arrival lounge at the airport , said she was overwhelmed by the support she had received from british officials , friends and well wishers ."
"i was very upset to think that i might have caused offense to people , she added ."
the teacher said she did not want her experience to put people off visiting sudan where she said she had a fabulous time and which she described as an extremely beautiful place .
asked what she thought about her sentencing she said it was a very delicate area .
"historic tempelhof airport which played a key role in the berlin airlift in the wake of world war ii will close to passengers in , germany s top administrative court confirmed tuesday ."
several airline companies that use the centrally located tempelhof airport tried to block the closure .
"the money losing tempelhof is scheduled to shut on october , ."
companies using tempelhof including lufthansa and brussels airlines will be required to reroute their flights to berlin s schoenefeld airport starting november .
"tempelhof , which opened in , was expanded under the nazis into a huge , horseshoe shaped complex ."
tempelhof the closest of the city s three international airports to downtown berlin is now used only for short haul flights with small aircraft .
"washington cnn iran remains a danger to the world even though it stopped a program to develop a nuclear weapon four years ago , president bush said tuesday ."
a declassified summary of a national intelligence estimate released by the u . s . government on monday said iran had stopped working toward a nuclear weapon in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until at least .
", iran ripped the bush administration for rhetoric that came before monday s release of the estimate ."
"u . s . officials have so far inflicted . . . damage on the iranian nation by spreading lies against the country and by disturbing public opinion , therefore , they have to pay the price for their action , iranian government spokesman gholam hossein elham is quoted as saying on the web site of the official islamic republic news agency ."
"in another posting , irna called the updated estimate a necessary and positive step in tehran washington relations , but undoubtedly is not sufficient ."
"the u . s . administration should know that only admitting a mistake is not enough , the irna report said ."
but bush said tuesday he saw the latest estimate on iran as a warning signal .
"the latest estimate shows iran needs to be taken seriously as a threat to peace , bush said ."
britain on tuesday also called for continued pressure on iran .
"the report confirms that we were right to be worried about iran seeking to develop nuclear weapons , and it also shows that the sanctions program and international pressure were having some effect , a spokesman for prime minister gordon brown said ."
israeli defense minister ehud barak echoed bush s comments tuesday .
"iran is a main threat to the world and israel , barak said . the entire world and the state of israel should prepare to deal with this threat and thwart it ."
"iran s ambassador to the international atomic energy agency , ali asghar soltanieh , said tuesday that even the allegations that tehran was pursuing a nuclear weapon up to were false ."
"i categorically reject any allegation that iran has had before , has now and will have such a program because a nuclear weapon is not in our defense decree , soltanieh said ."
"we are of the belief that a nuclear weapon would create a vulnerability and therefore we are and have and will be against nuclear weapons , he said ."
"cnn israel early monday began releasing hundreds of palestinian prisoners who are aligned with palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , as part of a goodwill gesture ."
israeli authorities said none of the approximately detainees members of abbas fatah party had been implicated in deadly attacks against israelis .
israel freed more than palestinian detainees in july and another in october .
"an estimated , palestinians are still held in israeli prisons ."
"in october , a government spokesman described the releases as part of the israeli government policy of strengthening the moderates in the palestinian territories ."
"abbas has been involved in a political power struggle against gaza based leaders of hamas , a rival movement that israel considers terrorist ."
hamas is in charge of the palestinian government in gaza and calls for the destruction of israel .
"in a summit last week in annapolis , maryland , abbas and israeli president ehud olmert agreed to work toward a palestinian state over the next year ."
officials in the bush administration said at the time they hoped the summit would lead to strengthening of the abbas government s infrastructure after the split between fatah and hamas .
"london , england cnn artist mark wallinger won britain s prestigious turner prize for a fiercely anti war exhibit based on a lone protester s six year vigil outside british parliament ."
"state britain , which replicated the posters of peace protester brian haw , won wallinger the , payout that comes with britain s best known and most provocative art award ."
he is the last dissenting voice in britain .
"haw began his round the clock vigil in june to protest the sanctions imposed on iraq and , later , the invasion by britain and the united states ."
"his encampment grew to include polemical posters , wooden crosses , teddy bears , and graphic images of children maimed or killed by u . s . weapons ."
most of his paraphernalia was impounded by police last year .
but wallinger meticulously reproduced everything from haw s weather beaten poster decrying president bush and british prime minister tony blair as baby killers to the demonstrator s tarpaulin shelter and tea making area .
the items were exhibited at the tate britain gallery in central london .
the turner prize judges said wallinger s exhibit demonstrates art s unique ability to engage with contemporary political issues and managed to communicate an unpalatable political truth .
"the turner prize , named for th century landscape painter j . m . w . turner , was established in to honor young artists ."
new york cnn think you re smarter than a fifth grader ?
"japanese researchers pitted young chimps against human adults in tests of short term memory , and overall , the chimps won ."
"that challenges the belief of many people , including many scientists , that humans are superior to chimpanzees in all cognitive functions , said researcher tetsuro matsuzawa of kyoto university ."
"no one can imagine that chimpanzees young chimpanzees at the age of have a better performance in a memory task than humans , he said in a statement ."
"matsuzawa , a pioneer in studying the mental abilities of chimps , said even he was surprised ."
he and colleague sana inoue report the results in tuesday s issue of the journal current biology .
"one memory test included three year old chimps who d been taught the order of arabic numerals through , and a dozen human volunteers ."
they saw nine numbers displayed on a computer screen .
"when they touched the first number , the other eight turned into white squares ."
the test was to touch all these squares in the order of the numbers that used to be there .
"results showed that the chimps , while no more accurate than the people , could do this faster ."
"one chimp , ayumu , did the best ."
researchers included him and nine college students in a second test .
"this time , five numbers flashed on the screen only briefly before they were replaced by white squares ."
"the challenge , again , was to touch these squares in the proper sequence ."
"that indicates ayumu was better at taking in the whole pattern of numbers at a glance , the researchers wrote ."
"even with six months of training , three students failed to catch up to the three young chimps , matsuzawa said in an e mail ."
he thinks two factors gave his chimps the edge .
"for one thing , he believes human ancestors gave up much of this skill over evolutionary time to make room in the brain for gaining language abilities ."
the other factor is the youth of ayumu and his peers .
"the memory for images that s needed for the tests resembles a skill found in children , but which dissipates with age ."
"in fact , the young chimps performed better than older chimps in the new study ."
ayumu s mom did even worse than the college students .
"ronaldo , who was runner up to kaka in the voting for european player of the year last week , took his goal tally for the season to , and he has been on target in each of his last five matches ."
it was not a vintage united display but fulham rarely threatened to pick up their first away win in the premiership since september .
the home team made a strong start and carlos tevez could have scored twice in the first five minutes .
but in the th minute steve davis failed to head a ryan giggs corner kick clear and nemanja vidic nodded the ball back into the area where ronaldo volleyed it high into the net .
it was a welcome success for united after their lapse at bolton last week and lifted them above chelsea and liverpool to keep the pressure on arsenal .
"the gunners , still unbeaten in the league , have a game in hand which will be played at newcastle on wednesday ."
"beijing , china cnn food prices are set to rise around the globe after years of decline , with climate change making it harder for the world s poorest to get adequate food , according to a report released tuesday ."
"rising global temperatures as well as growing food consumption in rapidly developing countries such as china and india are pressuring the world food system , meaning that food prices will rise for the foreseeable future , according to the international food policy research institute ."
"joachim von braun , the director of the washington based research group , said food prices have been in a declining trend since scientists began developing high yield plant varieties decades ago , but the days of falling food prices may be over ."
the last time the world experienced such food price increases was in to . . . but today the situation is completely different .
"for one , the climate risk and climate change situation has increased , the climate vulnerability has increased , von braun told reporters in beijing ."
"the institute said in a report that hunger and malnutrition could rise as poor agricultural communities most sensitive to the environment , such as in africa , are hurt ."
dependency on food imports will also increase as cereal yields decline in those countries .
"the world s agricultural production is projected to decrease by percent by due to global warming , the report said , with land used for certain crops shrinking ."
"for example , it said land to grow wheat could almost disappear in africa ."
"it said growing demand in rapidly developing countries such as china and india for processed food and expensive meat and dairy products is driving up prices for those goods , as well as for staple grains used to feed cattle ."
"in addition , switching to crops used for biofuels will also reduce the amount of available food and increase prices , it said ."
"trade barriers for food should be eliminated , especially in developed nations , the report recommended , so small farmers can earn more money ."
"a world facing increased food scarcity needs to trade more , not less , the report said ."
"stocks slipped monday afternoon as investors welcomed the white house s pledge to aid subprime mortgage holders , but continued to worry about how the housing and credit market crisis will hurt the economy in the long run ."
the dow jones industrial average charts lost . percent . the broader s p charts index lost . percent .
the tech fueled nasdaq charts composite lost . percent .
"treasury prices rose , lowering the corresponding yields , as investors sought safety in government debt ."
"treasury secretary henry paulson , speaking at the national housing forum monday , said the united states is aggressively pursuing relief for struggling subprime mortgage holders ."
"the comments initially gave some stability to the markets , but any gains were short lived , with stocks turning lower again in the afternoon ."
"financial , housing and technology were the leaders on the downside ."
pakistan election officials on monday disqualified opposition party leader and former former prime minister nawaz sharif from participating in january parliamentary elections .
a spokesman for sharif s pakistan muslim league told cnn monday that sharif had been barred by the election commission because of a previous criminal conviction .
"sharif filed paperwork for his candidacy last week , although he had left open the possibility that he would boycott the election in protest of a state of emergency imposed by president pervez musharraf ."
"sharif returned to pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in saudi arabia ."
"he had first returned in september , but pakistani authorities deported him within hours of his arrival ."
"sharif was convicted of terrorism , hijacking and tax evasion after musharraf seized power in ."
he was released in in exchange for agreeing to years of exile in saudi arabia .
"he retained his pakistani citizenship , but has not been allowed to travel to pakistan or directly take part in pakistani politics ."
"iran has expelled canada s ambassador , canadian foreign minister maxime bernier said monday in a statement ."
we will continue to monitor the well being of the other embassy staff in tehran .
the minister said he believes the expulsion is an unfortunate and unjustified consequence of ottawa s failure to approve any of iran s proposed candidates to be ambassador to canada .
"bernier said the canadian embassy in tehran will be headed by a charge d affaires for now . we strive to keep our lines of communication open , he said . . . . as always , canada remains prepared to receive an iranian ambassador provided a suitable candidate is presented ."
"recently , iran s supreme court ordered a review of the death of zahra kazemi , the canadian photojournalist who tied in custody after being arrested outside of a tehran prison in , the associated press news service reported ."
authorities said she died after falling ill .
"her son believes she was tortured and raped before being killed , the ap reported ."
"her tongue was massive , and she insisted on trying to put the entire thing in my mouth . she was very forceful with it , and i started choking ."
bad kissers have little chance of getting to second base .
"in a study published recently in the scientific journal evolutionary psychology , percent of men and percent of women said they ve been in the position of being attracted to someone until they kissed the person ."
"at the moment of the kiss , there s a very complicated exchange of information . . . that may tap into underlying evolved mechanisms cluing us in on whether we re genetically compatible , explains gordon gallup , co author of the study and professor of psychology at the state university of new york at albany ."
"a kiss can be a deal breaker in terms of whether a relationship will flower or flounder , so to speak ."
"for men , kissing is more often used as a means to an end namely , to gain sexual access ."
"men also are more likely to literally kiss and make up , using kissing to attempt reconciliation ."
"women on the other hand use kissing as a mate assessment technique , gallup notes ."
"they subconsciously evaluate mating potential from the chemicals in their partner s saliva and breath , for instance ."
"women also use kissing as a bonding gesture , as well as to monitor the status of the relationship ."
"if her partner s kissing frequency or technique suddenly changes , that perhaps is a sign of his waning interest ."
other gender differences uncovered by gallup s research
men show a greater preference for tongue contact and open mouth kisses .
"men are more willing than women to have sex with someone without kissing , as well as to have sex with someone they are not attracted to or consider to be a bad kisser ."
"women place more importance on kissing throughout a relationship , whereas men place less importance on it as the relationship progresses . ."
improve your kiss
"like other skills , one s kissing technique can be improved upon ."
"michael christian , author of the art of kissing under the pen name william cane , offers classes , and there s a myriad of how to books and dvds ."
"to improve your technique , christian suggests switching up your repertoire with different types of kisses"
"vacuum kiss , in which you suck the air out of your partner s mouth while kissing"
"neck kiss , in which you kiss up and down your partner s neck"
"lip o suction , in which you kiss the upper lip while your partner kisses the lower lip , and then you reverse ."
"bad kisses , on the other hand , are relatively easy to pinpoint ."
"varying the speed , intensity and style can help ."
"her tongue was massive , and she insisted on trying to put the entire thing in my mouth . she was very forceful with it , and i started choking ."
bad kissers have little chance of getting to second base .
"in a study published recently in the scientific journal evolutionary psychology , percent of men and percent of women said they ve been in the position of being attracted to someone until they kissed the person ."
"at the moment of the kiss , there s a very complicated exchange of information . . . that may tap into underlying evolved mechanisms cluing us in on whether we re genetically compatible , explains gordon gallup , co author of the study and professor of psychology at the state university of new york at albany ."
"a kiss can be a deal breaker in terms of whether a relationship will flower or flounder , so to speak ."
"for men , kissing is more often used as a means to an end namely , to gain sexual access ."
"men also are more likely to literally kiss and make up , using kissing to attempt reconciliation ."
"women on the other hand use kissing as a mate assessment technique , gallup notes ."
"they subconsciously evaluate mating potential from the chemicals in their partner s saliva and breath , for instance ."
"women also use kissing as a bonding gesture , as well as to monitor the status of the relationship ."
"if her partner s kissing frequency or technique suddenly changes , that perhaps is a sign of his waning interest ."
other gender differences uncovered by gallup s research
men show a greater preference for tongue contact and open mouth kisses .
"men are more willing than women to have sex with someone without kissing , as well as to have sex with someone they are not attracted to or consider to be a bad kisser ."
"women place more importance on kissing throughout a relationship , whereas men place less importance on it as the relationship progresses . ."
improve your kiss
"like other skills , one s kissing technique can be improved upon ."
"michael christian , author of the art of kissing under the pen name william cane , offers classes , and there s a myriad of how to books and dvds ."
"to improve your technique , christian suggests switching up your repertoire with different types of kisses"
"vacuum kiss , in which you suck the air out of your partner s mouth while kissing"
"neck kiss , in which you kiss up and down your partner s neck"
"lip o suction , in which you kiss the upper lip while your partner kisses the lower lip , and then you reverse ."
"bad kisses , on the other hand , are relatively easy to pinpoint ."
"varying the speed , intensity and style can help ."
"washington cnn iran halted work toward a nuclear weapon under international scrutiny in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until to , a u . s . intelligence report says ."
a declassified summary of the latest national intelligence estimate found with high confidence that the islamic republic stopped an effort to develop nuclear weapons in the fall of .
the estimate is less severe than a report that judged the iranian leadership was determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure .
but the latest report says iran which declared its ability to produced enriched uranium for a civilian energy program in could reverse that decision and eventually produce a nuclear weapon if it wanted to do so .
"enriched uranium at low concentrations can be used to fuel nuclear power plants , but much higher concentrations are needed to yield a nuclear explosion ."
"we judge with moderate confidence that the earliest possible date iran would be technically capable of producing enough highly enriched uranium for a weapon is late , but that this is very unlikely , the report says ."
"a more likely time frame for that production is between and , it concludes ."
monday s report represents the consensus of u . s . intelligence agencies .
"u . s . national security adviser stephen hadley expressed hope after monday s announcement , but he said iran remains a serious threat ."
"he said technology being developed for iran s civilian nuclear power program could be used to enrich uranium for use in weapons , and that iran is continuing to develop ballistic missiles ."
"hadley said the intelligence community came to the new conclusions on tuesday , based on information gathered over the past few months , and president bush was briefed about them on wednesday ."
he said u . s . policy toward iran has not changed because of the new report .
a canoeist who uk authorities believed was dead has turned up alive five and a half years and around km miles from where he was last seen .
"in march a red canoe belonging to john darwin , then , was found wrecked on the seafront near his home of seaton carew , hartlepool in northern england ."
"he was presumed dead by everyone , including his wife and two sons"
until he walked into a police station in london on saturday evening and told officers that he was a missing person .
"his father ronald darwin , , in comments reported by the uk s press association , said that he always believed his son would turn up ."
"i ll tell him a lot more too , but i m extremely happy now ."
"darwin said that he believed his son to have suffered amnesia , caused when he was hit by a car at the age of four or five ."
"a british teacher convicted of insulting religion in sudan by allowing her students to name a teddy bear mohammed has left khartoum on a flight home , the british foreign office said monday ."
"i have great respect for the islamic religion and would not knowingly offend anyone , and i am sorry if i caused any distress , gibbons said in a statement read by sayeeda warsi , one of two muslim lawmakers who traveled to sudan to secure her release ."
"gibbons , , was sentenced to days in jail last thursday ."
she left sudan on an emirates flight to london via dubai hours after the courts ruled she should be deported after completing her sentence .
"the briton will land early on tuesday morning at london s heathrow airport , where she is expected to make a statement to the media ."
gibbons also praised the kindness and generosity of the sudanese and said she would be sad to leave her job at unity high school and would miss her students terribly .
"the pardon came following efforts by nazir ahmed and sayeeda warsi , muslim members of britain s house of lords , to persuade the sudanese government that releasing gibbons would create international good will toward their country ."
"british prime minister gordon brown welcomed news of gibbons pardon . common sense has prevailed , brown said ."
russian president vladimir putin has declared his party s controversial parliamentary victory a mandate to cement power .
"putin s united russia party had . percent of the vote from nearly percent of precincts reporting , according to the central election commission enough to form a majority with per cent of seats in the duma , russia s lower house of parliament , party leader boris gryzlov said ."
"putin was top of united russia s list of candidates , guaranteeing him a parliamentary seat and allowing him to extend his influence when his presidential term ends in , perhaps as prime minister ."
but the organization for security and cooperation in europe osce questioned the fairness of the polls .
"we can not say there were fair elections , said luc van den brande , head of the osce delegation , monday ."
"ac milan s brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football s ballon d or award ."
the year old kaka was a major factor in ac milan s triumphant champions league campaign .
the runner up was manchester united s portuguese winger cristiano ronaldo with barcelona s argentinian midfielder lionel messi finishing third .
"this is very special for me it culminates an astonishing year for me , kaka said ."
it s the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan . it s great to be part of a team that wins .
"he was part of brazil s world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just minutes as a substitute against costa rica ."
"he was top scorer in last season s champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the final ."
"madrid , spain cnn members of the basque separatist group eta have shot dead a spanish civil guard and seriously wounded another in southern france , spanish officials said ."
it is the first fatality blamed on eta in nearly a year .
"the separatist group claimed responsibility for a december , , car bomb at the madrid airport that killed two men and destroyed a parking garage ."
"the two plainsclothes civil guard officers were in capbreton , france , to meet with french police about joint operations against eta , which traditionally uses france as a base for its attacks in spain , a spanish interior ministry spokeswoman told cnn ."
"it appeared the eta gunmen recognized the civil guards at a cafe where they had breakfast , the spokeswoman said ."
"the gunmen followed the guards when they left the cafe , and shot them while they were getting into their car , she said ."
"she said there were three eta suspects two men whom authorities believe are responsible for the shooting , and a woman ."
"the eta suspects fled in a car , later leaving it to commandeer a second car , the spokeswoman said ."
"they held a french woman and her son but quickly released them , she said ."
"spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero canceled his schedule for the weekend and made a statement offering condolences to the slain civil guard s family , as well as words of support for the other civil guard who is in a french hospital ."
"those who did this will be arrested and tried , and will pay for this ."
"spanish and french interior ministers who were attending a meeting in germany , abruptly left the meeting to return to france ."
"eta , which the united states and european union list as a terrorist group , is blamed for more than killings ."
"eta declared a permanent cease fire in march , raising hopes for an end to the violence , but the car bomb at madrid s airport shattered the fledgling peace process ."
"caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan voters narrowly rejected a constitutional referendum that would have bolstered president hugo chavez s embrace of socialism and granted an indefinite extension of his eligibility to serve as president , the national electoral council reported early monday ."
"about percent of voters opposed the amendments , while approximately percent were in favor of them ."
"don t feel burdened , chavez told supporters immediately after the results were announced ."
more than nine million of venezuelan s million eligible voters went to the polls sunday .
"president of the national electoral council , tibisay lucena , said the process shows the entire world that we are a democratic country ."
"chavez , in what he called a talk from my heart acknowledging the results , thanked those who opposed his proposal , saying the election had proven that venezuelan democracy is maturing ."
"thousands of people gathered in the streets , many of them university students who worked to defeat the measure , burst into singing their country s national anthem upon hearing the news ."
"australian prime minister kevin rudd and his team were formally sworn in as australia s new government monday , nine days after sweeping to power in elections that ended more than years of conservative rule ."
"rudd , , has put global warming and keeping australia s resource export fueled economic boom at the top of his priorities list , and was due to call his first cabinet meeting later monday ."
"rudd was the first of ministers to take the oath of office before governor general michael jeffery on monday in ceremonies broadcast nationally , formalizing the hand over of government from ousted prime minister john howard ."
"among the ministers are australia s first female deputy prime minister , julia gillard ."
"rudd has moved quickly to bring australia into international talks on fighting global warming , and to head off potentially thorny relations with the united states and key asian neighbors ."
the emphatic victory for rudd s labor party swings australia toward the political left and puts it at odds with key security ally washington on two crucial policy issues iraq and global warming .
"the day after sweeping to power in general elections on november , rudd held meetings with government officials about the mechanics of signing the kyoto protocol on cutting greenhouse gas emissions ."
"britain , new zealand and indonesia noted that rudd s election would boost international efforts to address climate change howard had refused to sign the kyoto pact ."
"los angeles , california cnn heavy metal fans aren t usually seen making bids at high end auctions , but they turned out in numbers to snatch up a coat with embroidered bats , sneakers with skulls on them and other items put up for sale by ozzy osbourne ."
"we had ozzy fans bidding against these sophisticated fine art buyers , which you don t see every day , said darren julien , whose company , julien s auctions , ran the charity sale friday and saturday . for the most part the metalheads were outbidding the art crowd ."
bidders came from as far as germany to try to buy belongings from the beverly hills mansion formerly owned by the rocker and former star of the osbournes reality show .
"items featured on osbourne s hit mtv show were the most popular , julien said ."
"the bat coat sold for , , the skull sneakers brought in , and a pair of the rocker s trademark round glasses went for , ."
"julien said the ozzy factor made ordinary items command big ticket prices . an oversized coffee cup that osbourne often clutched while the cameras rolled sold for , ."
"a dog bed given to osbourne s wife , sharon , by elton john brought in , ."
"fine art buyers were interested in items such as a sculpture by french artist edouard drouot , and a painting by gabriel joseph marie augustin ferrier , ."
julien said osbourne almost did not want to part with his prized pool table because he cherished the memories of playing with his kids as they were growing up .
"the table eventually ended up on the auction block and it brought in , ."
"the auction brought in , more than twice the amount julien predicted ."
all proceeds from the sale go to the sharon osbourne colon cancer program at cedars sinai medical center .
"rome , italy cnn a general transport strike by workers in italy demanding more investment in the sector forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights and idled trains , ships and buses across the country on friday ."
national carrier alitalia canceled national and international flights before a four hour walkout by air sector workers beginning at a . m . a . m . est .
"air one , italy s no . carrier , said that only nine flights would be guaranteed ."
"the workers are protesting planned cuts in transport funding in the new budget as well as the declining fortunes of the main companies in the sector , starting with the money losing alitalia , which the italian government is struggling to sell ."
railway company trenitalia canceled hundreds of trains and warned of further delays as rail workers walked off their jobs at a . m . for an eight hour protest .
"ship departures were delayed by hours , while commuters struggled to get to work in their own cars as local transportation was idled for eight hours starting at different times in cities across italy ."
the city of rome avoided further disruption by making a late night deal thursday with taxi drivers .
the drivers had staged wildcat strikes and traffic blockages for two days to protest plans by city officials to grant new licenses .
the city did not go back on its plans but agreed to discuss with unions how and when the new licenses will be released .
"sudan s president omar al bashir on monday morning will meet with two british lawmakers to discuss a possible pardon for a british teacher convicted of insulting religion , presidential palace sources told time magazine s sam dealey on sunday ."
"the announcement came shortly after the two british lawmakers in khartoum since saturday to secure the release of gillian gibbons announced they were delaying their planned departure from the capital , a move widely interpreted as a sign of progress ."
their efforts have been complicated by pressure from hard liners for gibbons to serve out the last week of a day sentence for having allowed her students to name a teddy bear mohammed .
"riot police were deployed sunday around the capital , but there were no signs of major protests , dealey said ."
"she has apologized to a faculty member offended by the toy s name , dealey told cnn ."
"pro democracy candidate anson chan , a hugely popular former government official , won a seat in hong kong s legislature monday , a win she hailed as a victory for democracy in the southern chinese territory ."
"chan received , votes , or about . percent , of the ballots cast in sunday s election , according to official results announced early monday ."
"the race , billed as a referendum on democracy , was one of the most keenly watched and closest fought elections since the territory was returned to china a decade ago ."
"her closest opponent , former security chief regina ip , who had the backing of beijing allied parties , received , , or . percent of votes ."
"six other candidates vying for the seat in hong kong made vacant when a lawmaker died earlier this year received percent or less each , according to the electoral officials ."
"political analysts said they expected the territory s communist leaders in beijing to keep a close eye on the election , but cast doubt on whether the outcome would lead to any real change for hong kong ."
"bali , indonesia cnn world powers meeting at a u . n . climate change conference in indonesia this week won t be able to craft a meaningful plan to address global warming without cooperation from the united states , the top emitter of greenhouse gases , the u . n . s climate chief said sunday ."
"the united states refused to sign the last major international treaty on reducing greenhouse gases , undermining its effectiveness ."
"delegates from nations will gather on the resort island of bali on monday for one of the largest global warming conferences ever , bringing together about , people including hollywood luminaries , former vice president al gore , fishermen and drought stricken farmers for two weeks of marathon discussions ."
"kyoto protocol , which expires in ."
among the most contentious issues will be whether emission cuts should be mandatory or voluntary and how to help the world s poorest countries adapt to a warmer climate .
"yvo de boer , general secretary of the u . n . framework convention on climate change , said the role of the united states would be critical in the discussions and that delegates must come up with a roadmap that s embraced by washington ."
"to design a long term response to climate change that does not include the world s largest emitter and the world s largest economy just would not make any sense , he told reporters ."
"the united states , which along with australia refused to sign the kyoto protocol , said ahead of the bali talks that it was eager to launch negotiations , but has been among industrialized nations leading a campaign against mandatory emission cuts ."
"but now the united states finds itself isolated at the conference , given that australian prime minister kevin rudd , whose party swept to power in general elections just one week ago , immediately put signing the kyoto pact at the top of his international agenda ."
"president bush , trying to fend off charges that america is not doing enough , said this week that a final energy department report showed american emissions of carbon dioxide , a leading greenhouse gas , declined by . percent last year while the u . s . economy grew ."
"los angeles , california cnn elizabeth taylor returned to the stage saturday night , after persuading striking tv and film writers to briefly put down their picket signs ."
the writers guild of america agreed not to picket the paramount pictures lot when actress and aids activist taylor gave a benefit performance of a . r . gurney s play love letters with james earl jones .
"the guild lowered the picket line because this worthy event is happening solely through the efforts and underwriting of dame elizabeth taylor , who is not only a longtime member of the screen actors guild , but an outspoken supporter of the writers guild , patric verrone , president of the western chapter of the guild , said in a statement ."
"she smiled for the cameras as her boyfriend , industrialist jason winters , wheeled her into the theater ."
"taylor , , said she would not cross picket lines december , which was world aids day . she said she asked the writers union for a one night dispensation so she and her guests could enter the studio with a clear conscience ."
"the writers guild of america has shown great humanity , empathy and courage by allowing our little evening to move forward , taylor said in a statement ."
"more than people , including california first lady maria shriver , paid , per ticket for the one night performance ."
at least traffic deaths have been blamed on weather related traffic accidents .
"winter storm warnings were in effect into monday in vermont , new hampshire and maine and into tuesday in parts of new york state ."
"on the other side of the weather system , warnings were issued for parts of michigan , where freezing rain and sleet was predicted to turn to all snow late sunday ."
"the national weather service said a foot of snow was possible in the mountains of northern new england , with the potential for inches in northern maine ."
"in higher elevations of upstate new york , inches of snow was possible ."
"it s kind of a mess probably the best way to term it in one word , meteorologist bob kilpatrick said in albany , new york ."
"with snowfall that light in new jersey , and a changeover to rain expected later sunday in places , the new jersey turnpike authority salted its roads sunday and didn t bother to plow ."
"compared to what s happening in the midwest , we ve kind of got it easy right now , said joe orlando , a spokesman for the authority ."
"hundreds of flights into the new york city area s three main airports kennedy , newark liberty and laguardia were delayed as long as two hours sunday because of wind and ice ."
"two indicators of the state of the war in iraq appeared favorable in november , when fewer fighters entered iraq from neighboring countries and fewer iraqi civilians killed , according to two reports on sunday ."
"lt . gen . ray odierno , the no . ranking u . s . commander in iraq , told cnn fewer weapons and fighters entered iraq from iran and syria over the past month ."
and iraq s interior ministry said civilian deaths caused by war related violence in iraq dropped for a third straight month in november .
odierno said the u . s . military is pleased with syria s improvement .
"the u . s . military maintains that explosively formed penetrators a sophisticated and powerful type of roadside bomb are made in iran and their components are shipped into iraq by the iran s islamic revolutionary guard corps quds force , the iranian unit accused by the united states of training and arming insurgents ."
"early returns gave president vladimir putin s party a wide lead in russia s parliamentary elections sunday , a trend that could allow putin to continue wielding power past the end of his presidential term ."
"with percent of the votes in , putin s united russia party garnered . percent of the vote enough to form a majority in the duma , russia s lower house of parliament , party leader boris gryzlov said at a news conference ."
"the election is vindication that vladimir putin is the country s national leader , and that the russian voters support the political course he has taken in the last eight years , gryzlov said ."
"the russian leader , whom critics accuse of undermining political and media freedoms during his eight years in office , has said he would consider taking the post of prime minister if his party won a landslide victory ."
gryzlov said he expected to meet with putin later sunday to discuss the results .
"the opposition communist party received . percent of the vote , and two other parties , liberal democratic party and the pro putin fair russian party , received . and . percent of the vote ."
the remaining six parties on the ballot failed to meet the percent threshold for representation in the duma .
"but communist party leader gennady zyuganov told journalists that his party did not believe the initial results , and said the party planned to conduct a vote count of their own ."
he also said communists would rally in across the country for several days to protest what they believe is biased counting .
"caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelans turned out sunday to vote on whether to approve broad constitutional changes that would bolster president hugo chavez s embrace of socialism and grant an indefinite extension of his eligibility to serve as president ."
"it was not immediately clear how many of the million venezuelans eligible to vote actually did so , but the president of the national electoral counsel , tibisay lucena , said the process shows the entire world that we are a democratic country ."
"in caracas , chavez clad in his trademark red shirt and cradling his grandson made the sign of the cross and voted , then took his paper ballot and placed it in a box ."
"for me , it s a very happy day , he said ."
"he dipped his right pinky in ink , collected his paper receipt from the voting machine and then gave an uncharacteristically short talk with the news media ."
"let s wait for the results tonight , he told reporters . we ll accept them , whatever they may be ."
"chavez called venezuela s electoral system one of the most transparent in the world , and said its voting machines are among the most modern of the world ."
"at stake are amendments proposed by chavez , who has said he wants to steer venezuela toward full socialism a state his detractors describe as full totalitarianism ."
"the most controversial amendment would do away with term limits , thereby allowing the year old former paratrooper , who has already served almost eight years in power , to hold it indefinitely as long as he is re elected ."
"at present , the president s term runs six years , and current law would not allow chavez to run again after his term ends in ."
"in addition , the autonomous central bank would be placed under presidential control , and the maximum working day would be cut from eight hours to six hours ."
minimum voting age would also be cut from years to years .
"london , england cnn the european union s foreign policy chief said friday he was disappointed by the latest talks with iran over the nation s nuclear program , a failure that could result in more sanctions for the middle eastern nation ."
"the five permanent members of the u . n . security council the united states , russia , china , britain and france plus germany , had agreed to draft a new resolution imposing further financial and visa restrictions if there were no new steps forward in the nuclear stand off by the end of november ."
"the council already has imposed sanctions on iran for failing to meet requirements set out by the international atomic energy agency , the u . n . nuclear watchdog ."
"i have to admit that after five hours of meetings , i expected more , said javier solana after friday s meeting in london ."
"saeed jalili , iran s chief nuclear negotiator , made clear that his country is adamant about advancing its nuclear activities ."
"we will defend our rights and at the same time we welcome further negotiations , jalili said ."
jalili and solana spoke separately to reporters after their talk .
"tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian purposes ."
"but leaders in the united states and other countries , including some european nations , have expressed concerns that iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons under the guise of a nuclear energy program ."
"cnn in recent months , popsci has covered various scientists plans to curb global warming through carbon sequestration , mainly by feeding it to algae to make biofuel , or burying it underground ."
"today , a company called skyonic announced a novel new system , skymine , which uses the carbon dioxide emitted from smokestacks to make baking soda ."
"according to skyonic ceo joe david jones , the system will be powered by waste heat from factories , and will produce food grade baking soda ."
"last year , the utility company luminant installed a pilot version of the system at its big brown steam electric station in fairfield , texas ."
"there s still quite a bit of work to be done to make the current system viable on a large scale , but the baking soda idea offers solutions to some of the economic problems posed by other carbon sequestration methods ."
"for starters , according to jones , the stuff can be sold for home or industrial use or buried harmlessly in landfills or abandoned mines ."
jones apparently got the idea for the skymine system while watching a discovery channel show with his kids . he pulled out an old college science textbook and immediately turned to a passage about converting c to baking soda .
he d found it interesting years ago and highlighted it for future reference
"rochester , new hampshire cnn police took into custody a man they say walked into sen . hillary clinton s campaign office in rochester , new hampshire , and took several people hostage friday ."
"the man , lee eisenberg , claimed to have a bomb strapped to his chest , but it turned out to be road flares held with duct tape , police said ."
"i am very grateful that this difficult day has ended so well . all of my campaign staff are safe , clinton said outside her washington home . i want to thank them for their extraordinary courage and coolness under some very difficult pressures and dangerous situations ."
"the situation began when eisenberg walked into the office at about p . m . , maj . michael hambrook of the new hampshire state police told cnn affiliate wmur tv ."
"on friday afternoon , one of the hostages contacted the cnn washington bureau and then put eisenberg on the phone ."
the hostage and eisenberg called cnn multiple times throughout the afternoon and talked to cnn staffers .
eisenberg said he had mental problems and couldn t get anyone to help him .
cnn assumed eisenberg could be watching cnn s broadcast and chose not to report his calls to avoid compromising the safety of the hostages .
"a woman with a baby was released by the hostage taker early on , she told a witness , lettie tzizik , who spoke to wmur ."
"a man has just walked into the clinton office , opened his coat and showed us a bomb strapped to his chest with duct tape , the web site reported ."
"bill shaheen , chairman of clinton s new hampshire campaign , told wmur the people held were volunteers ."
"clinton , a candidate for the democratic presidential nomination , was scheduled to speak at p . m . at a democratic national committee event , but canceled the talk because of the situation , dnc chairman howard dean said ."
new manager juande ramos found the magic formula as tottenham overturned a two goal half time deficit to defeat denmark s aalborg in their uefa cup clash at white hart lane .
spurs first team coach gus poyet admitted the double substitution had been a risk for ramos .
"it was a big decision for juande and it worked , poyet told itv . it is that sort of situation where you have to go for the game because you have nothing to lose ."
in the same group hapoel tel aviv scored a shock win away to getafe having lost their opening two games .
stelios giannakopoulos scored a dramatic stoppage time equalizer to leave bolton s uefa cup hopes on a knife edge after a draw against aris .
it was bolton s their third successive draw and they may need a victory against red star in belgrade next thursday to progress .
diego forlan gave atletico madrid the lead on the stroke of halftime in their home group b victory against aberdeen . atletico sent on simao at the start of the second half and the portuguese winger scored number two after minutes .
an audio recording attributed to osama bin laden called on europeans to abandon afghanistan and accused nato troops of killing women and children there .
the majority of the victims of your bombardments were women and children .
you targeted them and killed them on purpose .
"you knew very well that our women don t fight , but you targeted them even at weddings ."
"your purpose is to demoralize the mujahedeen , but this will do you no good ."
"a u . s . counterterrorism official told cnn an intelligence community analysis indicates the voice is that of the saudi exile , and that the message appears to contain no specific , credible threat ."
"it includes references to british prime minister gordon brown , who took office in june , and french president nicolas sarkozy , who was elected in may . watch what experts make of the new message raquo"
"the speaker also repeats his claim of sole responsibility for the september , , attacks on new york and washington , which killed nearly , people ."
"he says afghanistan s taliban militia , which allowed al qaeda to operate from the territory it controlled , had no advance knowledge of the plot ."
"bin laden and taliban leader mohammed omar escaped the u . s . invasion in , and bin laden was last thought to be hiding in the rugged mountains along the afghan pakistani border ."
"in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said the tape sounded like old news ."
"he said afghan children are receiving medical care and vaccinations that they would not have received before the ouster of the taliban , but there is a lot more work to be done ."
"rialto , california cnn rodney king , whose police beating sparked widespread rioting in los angeles and other u . s . cities , was recovering thursday after being slightly wounded by gunfire ."
"rialto , california , police department sgt . don lewis said king was grazed on his face , arms , back and torso . the wounds were superficial ."
"lewis said that after king was shot wednesday night , he rode his bicycle from san bernardino to his home in rialto , before calling police about p . m ."
information on possible suspects or the hospital where king was treated were not immediately available .
"four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force but were acquitted of state charges on april , ."
"the three days of rioting that followed left people dead and , injured ."
"there were , arrests and about billion in property damage in los angeles ."
"two of the officers , sgt . stacey koon and officer laurence powell , were later convicted of federal civil rights violations ."
"since then , king has had a handful of run ins with the law , including a guilty plea in to driving under the influence of a controlled substance and reckless driving ."
"on the blank canvas of the diving bell and the butterfly , julian schnabel s first stroke was an image of glaciers falling into the sea ."
"for me , i needed that key to open up this pandora s box of memory and imagination , the painter filmmaker says in an interview . i needed that . if those glaciers are not in the movie , i don t have a movie ."
"the reason the film needed such a visual and many others is because it s largely from the perspective of a man paralyzed by a stroke , left with full consciousness but only the use of his left eye ."
"he traded his body , essentially , in order to be a great artist , says schnabel ."
"in bauby s memoir , published just two days before his death at , bauby calls his submerged state the diving bell ."
"he writes my diving bell becomes less oppressive , and my mind takes flight like a butterfly . there is so much to do . you can wander off in space or in time , set off for tierra del fuego , or for king midas court ."
"for the movie version of these bedridden travel notes , schnabel who rose to fame in the s as a painter also decided to take flight . ."
"somewhere in all of that and in the book perfume , i found some kind of a meditation on the interior life ."
"asian stocks rallied thursday , tracking an overnight surge on wall street , amid a brightening outlook for the u . s . economy a key export market for asian companies ."
"hong kong s hang seng index soared more than percent to close at , . points ."
"the nikkei index was up . percent to close at , . ."
"on the chinese mainland , stocks also rallied , with the benchmark shanghai composite index jumping . percent a day after it ended at a three month low ."
"markets in australia , singapore , south korea , taiwan and the philippines advanced ."
"cnn a new zealand teenager has been questioned in connection with a scheme by hackers to remotely take over more than million computers worldwide and use them for criminal activity , new zealand police and the fbi said thursday ."
the fbi has identified at least . million unsuspecting computer users who have been victims of so called botnet activity .
"hackers install viruses , worms and other attack programs that allow them to take over the computers and use them to commit cyber crimes ."
"the fbi tracked down the teen and believes the year old , known by the cyber alias akill , was the ringleader of an international botnet group know as the a team , responsible for infecting more than million computers ."
"today , botnets are the weapon of choice for cyber criminals , said fbi director robert mueller in a statement ."
they seek to conceal their criminal activities by using third party computers as vehicles for their crimes .
"in the fbi launched operation bot roast to combat botnet attacks , which the bureau estimates have caused million in losses and theft ."
"el dorado , kansas cnn a body found in kansas appears to be that of a missing college student who led a secret life as an internet porn star , police said thursday ."
authorities said the preliminary physical description of the body found about miles east of el dorado matches that of missing college student emily sander .
investigators refused to give details about the state of the body or how it was found .
that site was temporarily inaccessible thursday .
but police chief tom boren insisted thursday that sander s internet activity had no connection to her disappearance .
"the issue of the internet and the spinoff of that has been literally crippling our investigation , boren said . police said publicity about sander s explicit photos brought a flood of tips , many of them false leads ."
boren said the cause of death was not yet known . an autopsy is planned .
"sander , , was last seen leaving an el dorado bar friday with israel mireles ."
mireles became the focus of a nationwide search after police found large quantities of blood in a kansas motel room where he was staying .
"authorities are looking for mireles , , and his year old pregnant girlfriend ."
"the rental car mireles was driving was found abandoned tuesday in vernon , texas , where he has relatives ."
investigators interviewed family members and planned to bring the vehicle back to kansas for processing .
"we feel they know where he is at , but they haven t shared that with us , boren said ."
dozens of people gathered wednesday in el dorado for a candlelight vigil for her .
"the turnout moved her grandfather , clement sander , who said emily sander s disappearance shows tragedy can suddenly strike anyone ."
president bush on thursday called on congress to approve billions of dollars in additional funding for the wars in iraq and afghanistan before lawmakers leave for their christmas break .
"he said the army will have to shut down bases and start furloughing between , and , civilian workers by mid february if congress does not clear the funds ."
"pentagon officials have warned congress that the continued delay in funding our troops will soon begin to have a damaging impact on the operations of this department , bush said thursday . the warning has been laid out for the united states congress to hear ."
"defense secretary robert gates already has ordered the army and marine corps to plan for cutbacks , including civilian layoffs , termination of contracts and reduced operations at bases , the associated press reported ."
"a billion war spending bill , which would have required u . s . troops to begin leaving iraq within days , passed the house but stalled last week in the senate with republicans balking at the withdrawal provision ."
the billion for iraq and afghanistan that was approved by the house is about a quarter of what the administration requested .
"congressional democrats have disputed that , saying the pentagon could shift existing funds to continue the efforts ."
he cannot have it both ways .
pakistani president pervez musharraf announced thursday that he will end a state of emergency on december ahead of upcoming elections a key demand by the united states and opposition leaders .
"at the moment , the dust is settling down and everything is in control , musharraf said ."
the election will take place according to constitution on the eighth of january .
he called on all opposition parties to follow the rules . . . and all the directives of the election commission .
"the president had previously insisted that the state of emergency , imposed on november , must remain until the january vote was completed , saying it was needed to ward off attacks from islamic extremists ."
white house spokeswoman dana perino said washington welcomed the move .
"we look to the candidates and the people of pakistan to fully participate in these free and fair elections , she said ."
"perino urged pakistan s government to ensure that citizens be able to voice their opinions , that they be able to assemble , and that they be able to have the freedom of the press that they had before the emergency order was in place ."
"earlier , musharraf declared his new term as a civilian leader a milestone in the transition of pakistan to the complete essence of democracy ."
"opposition leaders had threatened a boycott to the upcoming elections to protest musharraf s emergency order , arguing it has been used by him to consolidate power ."
"dramatically played out on live television , an opposition politician and rebel military officers surrendered to government forces after taking over a luxury hotel in manila ."
"we re going out for the sake of the safety of everybody , philippines sen . antonio trillanes said ."
the senator made the decision to give up after the military peppered the inside of the hotel with tear gas .
an armoured personnel vehicle was also seen firing into the lobby of manila s peninsula hotel and later rammed through the front entrance of the building .
"the situation is contained within the peninsula hotel , philippine defense secretary gilberto teodoro told cnn ."
"teodoro said no one was injured , but associated press reported that at least two people were injured ."
the standoff began hours earlier when a group led by trillanes and army brig . gen . danilo lim bolted from a court hearing on charges linked to a failed coup attempt . watch footage of troops storming the hotel in manila raquo
"what happened , to me , was clearly either an attempted rebellion or an attempted coup d etat , teodoro said ."
"philippines military and police personnel had been surrounding the hotel , where the group was asking for president gloria macapagal arroyo to step down ."
"the tamil tiger rebel group set off a bomb at the entrance of a popular department store in a colombo suburb wednesday evening , killing people and wounding others , the military said ."
"the blast would mark a rare attack by the separatist group on a purely civilian target in recent years , though civilians have been killed in attacks on government and military targets ."
the military blamed the rebels for the blast in a statement to the media .
rebel spokesman rasiah ilanthirayan did not answer repeated calls from the ap seeking comment .
"fearing the bombings were only the first in a wave of attacks , officials decided to close all the schools in the western province which includes colombo for the rest of the week , and security officers warned sri lankans to be on high alert ."
hundreds of students clashed with police and national guard wednesday in a series of protests days ahead of a referendum tabled by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
"at least students from the private metropolitan university in caracas pelted the security forces with rocks , while the police responded with tear gas and water cannons in a clash that lasted at least four hours ."
to say no to the referendum is to say no to chavez read some of the placards the students paraded .
"such gatherings have raised tensions ahead of sunday s referendum on reforms that would allow chavez indefinite re election , increase presidential terms from six to seven years and help the venezuelan leader establish socialism in venezuela ."
"meanwhile , one of chavez s two ex wives urged venezuelans to reject the slate of proposed constitutional changes that would greatly expand his executive power ."
"urging venezuelans to vote no in sunday s referendum on the changes to the nation s charter , maria isabel rodriguez compared approving the referendum to a leap into the dark ."
"rodriguez , a journalist , also urged opponents to go to the polls to prevent possible vote rigging ."
"it will be more difficult for fraud to take place if we all vote , rodriguez said at a news conference tuesday ."
she divorced chavez in .
chavez declared tuesday that the referendum cannot fail and that its success will open the path to a new nation .
"for nearly three decades , astronomers have said venus probably had lightning ever since a nasa probe showed signs of electrical activity in its atmosphere ."
now a magnetic antenna on the european space agency s venus express probe proved that the lightning was real .
"we consider this to be the first definitive evidence of abundant lighting on venus , david grinspoon of the denver museum of nature and science told reporters wednesday at a briefing in paris ."
"the finding is significant because lightning affects atmospheric chemistry , so scientists will have to take it into account as they try to understand the atmosphere and climate of venus , he said ."
"the lightning is cloud to cloud and about miles above the surface , said university of california , los angeles geophysics professor c . t . russell , lead author of a paper on the venusian"
"a judge in niagara falls , new york , has apologized for jailing nearly four dozen people over a ringing mobile phone in his courtroom , his attorney said wednesday ."
"in removing city court judge robert restaino from office tuesday , the state commission on judicial conduct called his decision to lock up people after no one claimed ownership of the phone a gross deviation from the proper role of a judge ."
"but restaino s lawyer , terrence connors , said wednesday the judge profoundly apologizes for his actions during the march hearing and will appeal the panel s ruling ."
but the commission found restaino s conduct so egregious that his years of service and clean record did not matter .
"according to the commission report , restaino was presiding over a domestic violence case when a ringing mobile phone interrupted proceedings ."
"when no one took responsibility for the ringing phone , restaino ordered that court security officers search for the device ."
about defendants were in the courtroom that day to take part in a monitoring program for domestic violence offenders .
"after all the defendants denied having the phone or knowing who it belonged to , restaino sent people to jail ."
fourteen who were unable to make bail were handcuffed and jailed for several hours .
"convoys of buses carrying iraqi refugees are heading from damascus to baghdad , marking the first time that some of the . million iraqis who fled to syria are returning home as part of an organized plan ."
"the repatriation effort , sponsored by the iraqi government , began tuesday and is expected to last a few days , iraqi officials said ."
the convoys will travel nearly miles .
iraqi forces will protect the convoys once they cross into anbar province and will accompany the buses to the capital .
"i want to leave because the security situation in iraq is much better and the atmosphere is less dangerous , abu ali , a refugee from baghdad , is quoted as saying in a report from the united nations high commissioner for refugees ."
but a fellow refugee told the unhcr he had no choice but to take a bus back to baghdad .
"the refugee agency reports that monetary considerations , including lack of work in syria and expired visas , are cited by percent of refugees as why they are returning to iraq ."
"the first wave of refugees , which left damascus on tuesday , is expected to arrive in baghdad on wednesday , iraqi government spokesman ali al dabbagh said ."
"anchorage , alaska cnn more than years ago , rats jumped ship for rat island ."
"the muscular norway rat climbed ashore on the rugged , uninhabited island in far southwestern alaska in after a rodent infested japanese ship ran aground ."
it was the first time rats had made it to alaska .
"since then , rat island , as the piece of rock was dubbed by a sea captain in the s , has gone eerily silent ."
the sounds of birds are missing .
"that is because the rats feed on eggs , chicks and adult seabirds , which come to the mostly treeless island to nest on the ground or in crevices in the volcanic rock ."
"as far as bird life , it is a dead zone , said steve ebbert , a biologist at the alaska maritime national wildlife refuge , whose , mostly uninhabited islands include the aleutian chain , of which rat island is a part ."
"state and federal wildlife biologists are gearing up for an assault on the rats of still uninhabited rat island , hoping to exterminate them with rat poison dropped from helicopters ."
"if they succeed , the birds will sing again on rat island ."
and it will be the third largest island in the world to be made rat free .
"a visitor to the island , miles from anchorage doesn t have to look far to find evidence of vermin ."
"the landscape is riddled with rat burrows , rat trails , rat droppings and chewed vegetation ."
certain plants are all but gone .
"you go to rat island and there are hardly any chocolate lilies , said jeff williams , another refuge biologist ."
the same for songbirds and seabirds .
"rats have all but wiped out the seabirds on about a dozen large islands and many smaller islands in the refuge , which is home to an estimated million nesting seabirds ."
"puffins , auklets and storm petrels are most at risk because they leave their eggs and young for extended periods while foraging ."
"norway rats typically have four to six litters a year , each containing six to babies ."
"one pair of rats can produce a population of more than , rats in an area in one year ."
"the state also is mailing out , stop rats !"
brochures to educate mariners on how to control rats aboard boats and keep them from going ashore .
rats are excellent swimmers .
"the assault on the rats of , acre rat island could begin as early as next october ."
"new york cnn when teen music stars approach the age of consent , they often test the boundaries of what s appropriate by taking on projects with adult content ."
american idol champ jordin sparks took the opposite approach as she sought out material for her cd debut .
"i wasn t really sure what i wanted to sing about , sparks said , but i knew what i didn t want to sing about ."
"i wanted to stay away from oh , put your hands all over me type thing , because i haven t experienced that yet so the fact that i would sing it would be really dumb plus i don t feel comfortable singing stuff like that , sparks , who turns in december , said with a giggle ."
"it s that kind of wholesome charm , along with her powerhouse voice and striking good looks , that endeared her to american idol audiences this year , making her the youngest winner in the tv phenomenon s six season history after defeating semifinalist blake lewis ."
"and on her jive records self titled debut , record executives and sparks herself wanted to make sure she retained that sweet as pie image ."
"she s one of the most beautiful people i ve ever met on this planet . . . you immediately get a sense of who she is and her values , says jive a r executive jeff fenster , who helped sparks and her management team select songs for the album ."
"you have to make a record that is representative of who the artist is . we tried to keep that in mind from the beginning of the process , he says ."
"i said to her from the beginning , a big part of my goal was to help her make a record that she was proud of and represented who she is , and i think she felt that way at the end of the day ."
"to that end , the jordin sparks cd is decidedly family friendly much like the talent competition that launched her career ."
"thanks to her american idol success , and her age , sparks fan base has a large kid contingent , but also includes the parents and grandparents who , along with their children , watched as the arizona teen went from a potential also ran to the odds on favorite to win it all ."
sparks wanted to make sure that she didn t alienate any age group with the material she chose .
i never really thought of targeting a specific audience .
"sussex , virginia cnn a judge on tuesday scheduled an april trial date for jailed atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick on two state felony dogfighting charges ."
"vick s lawyer , lawrence woodward , requested a jury trial during the minute session ."
the suspended nfl star did not attend the hearing in surry county circuit court .
"vick is being held at a warsaw , va . , jail after surrendering on nov . to begin serving time for a federal dogfighting conspiracy conviction ."
vick faces up to five years in prison when he is sentenced dec . in the federal case .
"the two state charges beating or killing or causing dogs to fight other dogs , and engaging in or promoting dogfighting also are punishable by up to five years in prison each ."
the court also set trial dates of march for co defendants quanis l . phillips and purnell a . peace and a may trial for tony taylor .
vick s lawyers have indicated they will fight the state charges on the grounds he can t be convicted twice of the same crime .
vick and three co defendants pleaded guilty to the federal charge in u . s . district court in richmond .
ten protesters from the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals stood outside the courthouse holding placards with pictures of injured dogs and the messages report dogfighters !
and dogs deserve justice .
"london , england cnn princess diana saw her lover , dodi fayed , dying in front of her when she opened her eyes after her car crash in paris , according to evidence presented at an inquest into her death wednesday ."
"the patrol officer was passing the pont de l alma tunnel in paris at a . m . , moments after the couple s mercedes crashed , and was flagged down by passers by ."
"in a series of statements to fellow police and french magistrates , which were read to the jury at the high court in london , dorzee told how he struggled to hold back a crowd of hostile paparazzi ."
"french and british police have concluded that paul , the acting security chief at the ritz hotel in paris , was well over the legal alcohol limit when the accident occurred ."
"previous testimony has said fayed and paul were pronounced dead at the scene , while diana died after emergency surgery in a hospital ."
dorzee described the photographers who chased
"diana s car as vicious and repellent and said they repeatedly insulted him and argued with each other , one being overheard saying to another it s your fault ."
dorzee said he immediately recognized diana while looking in the back of the car .
"although he could see she was bleeding , he said she appeared to be in the best condition of anyone in the car ."
"the princess had half turned round in relation to her initial position and her head was between the two front seats , facing sideways and she could see her boyfriend just in front of her , the officer said ."
"i think that she said , my god , on seeing her boyfriend dying . at the same time she was rubbing her stomach , she must have been in pain ."
then she put her head down again and closed her eyes .
"kandahar , afghanistan cnn nato is acknowledging youtube as its new battleground in the six year war on taliban fighters in afghanistan , as the military alliance posts formerly secret surveillance and attack video ."
the strategy aims to counter years of propaganda video posted on the internet showing taliban attacks on nato forces which fighters use to claim that nato s position in the afghan war is deteriorating .
"the taliban , who are literally cave dwellers , are doing better than we are on a key battleground and that s video , said nato spokesman james appathurai . they deploy with videographers ."
"they have dvds out in an hour , we don t ."
"wielding video cameras like weapons , fighters quickly upload images of their attacks and create a valuable morale booster for their supporters ."
"now , after much internal debate , nato has begun declassifying and posting top secret combat video on youtube and other web platforms to try and beat the taliban at its own game ."
"we re , in a sense , winning the tactical battles , but we re not focusing enough on the strategic battle , which is public opinion , said appathurai ."
nato made several video excerpts available to cnn .
"one excerpt shows an armed taliban fighter disguised as a woman in a full burqa , taking refuge with women and children to avoid being targeted by nato ."
one disturbing nato video begins with a birds eye view of a home in southern afghanistan where nato said a high level taliban meeting was taking place .
"before nato helicopters took aim at the house , a small boy is posted at the door as a human shield , forcing the nato chopper pilot to hold fire ."
"information is a crucial tool in any war , but is especially important in afghanistan where the taliban s deeds , words and images have portrayed a deteriorating security landscape , with nato soldiers on the run ."
nato officials argue that this is far from the truth and the country has experienced significant development and growth with constant attention being paid to security problems .
appathurai said there are hundreds of military combat videos that show the true extent of taliban engagement and the brutality of their tactics .
"time convincing nato allies to declassify this sensitive , secret video for wide release ."
"gillian gibbons , , is being held by police in the capital khartoum after she asked her class of seven year olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , robert boulos , the head of unity high school told cnn ."
"it is expected that she will appear in court thursday , sudan state media reported ."
"a british foreign office spokeswoman said gibbons had been charged under article of sudan s constitution , the law relating to insulting religion and inciting hatred ."
the spokeswoman said the sudanese ambassador had been summoned to the offices of the british foreign secretary david miliband to discuss the case .
gibbons was arrested under the country s islamic sharia law after parents of some of her students complained to police .
"under country s law , the offense is punishable with lashes , a jail term of up to a year or a fine ."
gibbons arrest was announced in arabic on the state run news agency s web site .
"although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims ."
british prime minister gordon brown said tuesday he was very sorry about gibbons arrest and that the british embassy in khartoum was giving all appropriate consular assistance to her .
brown said all efforts were being taken to ensure her early release and that government officials were in touch with the teacher s family in the northern british city of liverpool .
"washington cnn president bush on wednesday told cnn he would personally facilitate peace negotiations between the palestinians and israelis , saying the formation of a democratic palestinian state was the best way to bring peace to the region ."
it is also important for the broader middle east .
"bush s comments come a day after a summit at the u . s . naval academy in annapolis , maryland , in which israeli and palestinian leaders agreed on a framework for future peace talks ."
the sides set the end of as a goal for completing a peace treaty .
the framework for negotiations was agreed to by palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert .
abbas is currently in a bitter power struggle with hamas for control of palestinian territory .
"hamas , which currently controls gaza , opposed negotiations and supports continued armed resistance against israel ."
"hamas , which the united states and israel label a terrorist group , won palestinian legislative elections in , ousting the long ruling fatah party that abbas heads ."
abbas dissolved the hamas led government earlier this year after hamas forces seized control of gaza .
"when asked whether the peace process can overcome opposition from hamas , bush said the best way to defeat those terrorists and radicals . . . is through a vision based upon liberty ."
"if that happens , then there s not going to be a deal that will last ."
"bush said the attendance of numerous arab states , including saudi arabia and syria , at tuesday s summit was quite an accomplishment ."
"asked why syria , which the united states accuses of funding terrorism , was invited to the conference bush said other arab nations requested it and that we wanted to make sure as many arab nations came as possible ."
"we have our differences with syria , no question about it ."
"when asked why iran s leadership was not invited to the conference , bush said they would not be constructive and weren t going to come anyway based on recent comments from president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
"this is a man who doesn t believe in democracy and freedom and peace , bush said ."
arsenal lost both their unbeaten record this season and leadership of group h after slumping to a champions league defeat at sevilla .
"a youthful gunners side took the lead in the th minute through eduardo da silva , but sevilla hit back to claim a deserved win and join arsenal in the last ."
"arsenal had not been beaten in a competitive match since the start of april , a run of games , and came into the match three points clear at the top of the english premier league ."
"in contrast , sevilla have lost seven of their primera liga matches and already find themselves points adrift of real madrid ."
"the spaniards had also lost their last two league games and suffered a defeat at the hands of arsenal in the opening round of group matches , but manolo jimenez s side were faster out of the blocks tonight with kanoute going close early on ."
the result means sevilla will finish top of the group if they win at slavia prague in their final match .
"however , a draw and a win for arsenal at home to steaua bucharest will see the london side finish top ."
"china displayed the first image of the moon captured by its chang e lunar probe at a gala ceremony monday , marking the formal start of the satellite s mission to document the lunar landscape ."
the black and white image clearly showed craters on the moon s surface .
"china hopes the probe , launched late last month , will have surveyed the entire surface of the moon at least once by early next year ."
"chinese officials , however , have played down talk of such competition , saying beijing wanted to use its program to work with other countries and hoped to join in building the international space station ."
"in , china became only the third country in the world after the united states and russia to send a human into earth s orbit , following that up with a two man mission in ."
but sun said china had no plans to put a man on the moon yet .
"for the time being we have no plans to send any chinese onto the moon , he said ."
uk prime minister gordon brown said tuesday that officials were working to secure the early release of a british teacher who faces being whipped in sudan after she allowed her class to name a teddy bear mohammed .
"gillian gibbons , , was arrested sunday after she asked her class of seven year olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , her head teacher told cnn ."
"robert boulos , the head of unity high school in the capital khartoum , said naming the teddy bear was a totally innocent mistake and that gibbons had never intended to cause offense ."
"classmates took turns taking the teddy bear home with them , accompanied by a diary with the bear s name written in the front of it , boulos said . all this is a very sensitive area ."
"i asked her gibbons why she had done it and she said she didn t chose the name , the children did , boulos told cnn ."
british prime minister gordon brown said tuesday he was very sorry about gibbons arrest and that the british embassy in khartoum was giving all appropriate consular assistance to her .
he said all efforts were being taken to ensure her early release and that government officials were in touch with the teacher s family in the northern british city of liverpool .
"the school teacher has been accused of blasphemy and is being held by police in khartoum , kirsty saunders , british foreign office spokeswoman told cnn ."
"although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims ."
"so far gibbons has yet to be charged with any offense , however , under sudanese law , insulting islam is punishable with lashes , a jail term of up to six months or a fine , she said ."
new york cnn bookstores are lined with the works of novelists who ve never seen their creations make it to the silver screen or who ve been burned when they do .
so count dennis lehane among the doubly fortunate few .
then ben affleck made his highly acclaimed directorial debut last month with gone baby gone .
"within days came word that martin scorsese would direct the author s shutter island next year , with leonardo dicaprio in final talks to star ."
"with that last bit of fortuitous news , lehane pronounces himself almost embarrassed ."
"his talent is not , he insists , originality of plot , going so far as to say his plots could be found on an episode of csi or law order ."
"he s merely happy to take credit for doing what he does very well , which is to write meaty , morally ambiguous , thought provoking crime novels centered in the seamiest parts of boston ."
"no , his explanation for his success is simpler pure luck ."
"i am just the luckiest guy on the planet , he says ."
"frankfurt , germany cnn deutsche telekom ag is ending its year sponsorship of professional cycling because of a series of doping cases ."
the telecommunications company has sponsored a team since .
"recently known as t mobile , they were considered one of the leading teams in the sport ."
"we arrived at this decision to separate our brand from further exposure from doping in sport and cycling specifically , deutsche telekom said in a statement on tuesday ."
"deutsche telekom s exit comes just weeks after adidas announced it would end its sponsorship of the team , and is a further blow to cycling , which has suffered a series of doping scandals ."
"patrick sinkewitz , who was sacked by the team earlier this year , recently admitted to doping offences while competing for t mobile , and several of the team s former riders , including former tour de france winner jan ullrich , have either admitted to or been implicated in doping scandals ."
"deutsche telekom only recently agreed to honor its sponsorship contract until , but reserved the right to terminate it at any time ."
"the team is now set to race under the name team high road in , according to their management company , high road sports ."
"t mobile s decision to end its involvement in professional cycling is a challenge for the sport and our team , said team chief stapleton ."
"high road sports holds a protour team license and will seek authorization of the change in the team s identity and operations from the governing body , the uci ."
"london , england cnn the conception of adolf hitler was never going to make for easy reading ."
but late american novelist norman mailer s explicit rendition of the incestuous encounter between the genocidal german dictator s parents has won the writer one of the world s most dubious literary prizes .
"mailer , who died of renal failure last month at , was one of five candidates for the annual bad sex in fiction award which aims to highlight crude and tasteless descriptions of sex in modern novels ."
"in a ceremony at the in out club in central london , the judges paid homage to a great american man of letters , adding we are sure that he would have taken the prize in good humor ."
"lisbon , portugal cnn zimbabwean president robert mugabe says he will attend an upcoming europe africa summit , ensuring his standoff with britain will overshadow efforts to forge stronger political and economic ties between the two continents ."
british prime minister gordon brown reiterated he would stay away from the december meeting in lisbon because of mugabe .
"britain is one of the sharpest european critics of mugabe s regime , accusing him of economic mismanagement , failure to curb corruption and contempt for democracy ."
"given the circumstances of the last years and our attempts to give assistance in zimbabwe , which have been thwarted and resisted , it is not possible for us to attend this summit and sit down with president mugabe , brown said in london"
"former british prime minister tony blair stayed away from the first eu africa summit in cairo seven years ago because of mugabe s presence , and in a planned eu africa summit in the portuguese capital was called off when some african nations balked at the eu s refusal to invite mugabe ."
"portugal , which holds the eu s rotating presidency , wants the summit of the nation eu and the member african union to usher in closer cooperation between the continents and counter the influence of china , which has invested billions of euros dollars in africa in recent years ."
"at the insistence of the au , portugal invited all africa s leaders ."
"in brussels , eu officials said that south african president thabo mbeki had said he would boycott if mugabe was not invited ."
"even in europe , german chancellor angela merkel has said her government was in favor of all countries being invited ."
"african leaders say that while they may not support mugabe s policies , they believe dialogue is the best way to address zimbabwe s economic and political crises ."
african leaders also are loath to be seen as abandoning one of their own under pressure from a former colonial power .
"asked tuesday about the summit , mugabe told portugal s national news agency lusa during a visit to mozambique yes , i m going ."
the wife of missing adventurer steve fossett has asked a court to declare him dead .
"fossett was last seen in early september , flying a single engine plane on a pleasure flight from a nevada ranch ."
a month long search for the plane was unsuccessful .
she asked that the will of her husband of years be admitted to probate .
"he had planned to fly over the nevada desert for two to three hours , and was expecting to return for lunch to the minden , nevada , ranch , from which he departed ."
"he was carrying a single bottle of water and had no parachute , lawyers for mrs . fossett said in the court documents ."
"at p . m . , when he had not returned , a search began that ultimately included thousands of volunteers ."
it continued until october .
"no one involved in the search holds out any hope that fossett is still alive , the petition said ."
"rick rains , a sheriff s supervisor of the san diego county sheriff s department , said fossett s plane was last spotted at a . m . less than miles from the ranch s airport . given the timeline and the sighting of fossett s plane , i believe he was within to miles of the ranch when he crashed , rains said ."
the dollar rebounded from a year low against the yen tuesday in asia after citigroup inc . said it will receive billions of dollars in investment from a middle eastern government fund .
"it fell to yen . yen earlier , its lowest in years ."
"the announcement monday by citigroup the largest bank in the u . s . that has recently suffered massive losses due to the nation s housing market slump raised speculation that there won t be a serious u . s . credit crunch if the company s finances improve , traders said ."
"up until this moment , the biggest source of concern is the possibility of a credit crunch , said mamoru arai , senior vice president of foreign exchange at mizuho corporate bank ."
"the decision by the investment arm of the abu dhabi government to pump . billion into citigroup has raised hopes u . s . banks , despite losses from the subprime mortgage market implosion , can still raise funds , arai said . so there s a feeling in the markets that a credit crunch could be averted ."
that triggered speculation that global investors won t pull out of risky investments funded by borrowing the yen at japan s low interest rates .
but the higher likelihood that investors will maintain their yen carry trades lifted the dollar .
"washington redskins safety sean taylor died tuesday , a day after he was shot by an intruder who forcibly entered his residence , miami police said ."
"he didn t make it , said taylor s former attorney , richard sharpstein , on cnn s american morning ."
"redskins owner daniel snyder said tuesday that team members will wear a special patch on their uniforms , and taylor s number , , on their helmets , during this weekend s game . watch a vigil outside hospital monday night raquo"
"many of taylor s fans loved him because of the way he played football , said his father , florida city police chief pedro taylor , in a statement to the news media ."
"many of his opponents feared him , the way he approached the game . others misunderstood him , many appreciated him and his family loved him . i can only hope and pray that sean s life was not in vain that it might touch others in a special way , chief taylor said ."
i think he was a real leader for us .
"indonesia s environment minister said tuesday that global warming was to blame after the capital of jakarta was partially flooded , forcing thousands of people to flee homes and cutting off a highway to the international airport ."
"authorities used pumps to lower water levels , which reached feet . meters in the worst hit areas and washed more than a mile inland monday , said iskandar , an official at jakarta s flood crisis center ."
"at least , houses were inundated , some with chest deep water ."
"i haven t seen it this bad in several years , said toki , a police officer who was directing traffic around a flooded area near sukarno hatta airport , where thousands of passengers were stranded ."
"environment minister rachmat witoelar said global warming was at least partially to blame , causing sea levels to rise and making coastal cities like jakarta especially vulnerable to flooding and monsoon storms ."
"prepared to host the u . n . climate change conference from dec . , which aims to start negotiations on a replacement for the kyoto protocol on greenhouse gas emissions that expires in ."
"the sprawling archipelagic nation is one of the largest contributors of carbon dioxide emissions , due to the rapid pace of deforestation , but experts say it is also at risk of becoming one of the biggest victims of global warming ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn a federal court has ordered a kuwait based contractor to pay nearly million in damages to the family of a u . s . military officer killed in iraq a rare court decision holding a contracting company accountable for its actions in the war ."
"army lt . col . dominic rocky baragona was just an hour away from a u . s . base in kuwait ultimately headed home to the united states when a tractor trailer operated by kuwait and gulf link transport company slammed into his humvee on may , , killing him instantly ."
"baragona , a west point graduate , was years old and the highest ranking soldier to have died in the war at the time ."
his family filed a wrongful death suit against kgl .
"earlier this month , the u . s . district court for the northern district of georgia sided with the family , holding the kuwait company negligent in baragona s death for failing to provide safe passage on the three lane road where the accident occurred ."
a key issue in the judge s decision was whether a u . s . court had jurisdiction over a foreign contractor and whether there was a legal basis to find it negligent .
"ultimately , judge william duffey found that there was ."
"the court enters judgment in the amount of , , to be paid by kgl in a single lump payment , the judge wrote in his page decision issued on november ."
kgl has received millions of dollars in u . s . government contracts .
"on its web site , the company says it performs multiple operations such as providing of vehicles and equipments to customers , including the u . s . army and coalition forces ."
it also boasts of having more than billion in market capitalization .
the court decision comes at a time when congress has been closely scrutinizing contractors and seeking ways to hold the companies accountable for their actions in war zones .
"paris , france cnn the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports ."
"an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers le bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night ."
"rioters bombarded police with baseball bats , molotov cocktail bombs and bottles filled with acid as the violence spread to the nearby towns of longjumeau and grigby monday night ."
"the and year old boys , both sons of african immigrants , according to police , died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in villiers le bel ."
"some residents , populated largely by immigrants and their french born children , accused police of fleeing the crash scene ."
"however , three eyewitnesses , interviewed on tv , said the police stayed and tried to revive the two boys with mouth to mouth resuscitation ."
"more than police officers were injured in monday night s confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers ."
"a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation ."
"the police spokesman said cars , a library and car dealer s showroom had been set on fire in villiers le bel ."
he said a police station had also been damaged and garbage cans torched .
"security was tightened tuesday , with helicopters deployed to patrol over the town , the spokesman said ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy , then serving as the interior minister , provoked controversy at the time by referring to the rioters as scum ."
"sarkozy , currently on a state visit to china , had urged residents monday to cool down and let the justice system determine who is responsible for what ."
a spokesman for the president s office told cnn tuesday they were continuing to monitor the situation .
"annapolis , maryland cnn israeli and palestinian leaders will immediately launch peace talks aimed at creating a palestinian state alongside israel and they hope to finish negotiations before , president bush announced tuesday ."
both sides also agreed to form steering committees which will begin meeting december .
"thereafter , palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will meet every two weeks to follow up on the negotiations and offer assistance , the statement says ."
the three leaders are scheduled to meet again wednesday .
"earlier , there were concerns a work plan would not be agreed upon ."
"olmert and abbas showed up to meet bush on tuesday morning without a joint statement , a senior state department official said ."
"bush then called on the israeli and palestinian foreign ministers to huddle with secretary of state condoleezza rice and come up with a statement , which they did as the three leaders met separately , the official said ."
"the document does not contain specifics about the contentious issues dividing the israelis and palestinians , bush said ."
"rather , it focuses on principles that will guide future talks , such as a commitment to bring an end to bloodshed , suffering and decades of conflict and a promise to propagate a culture of peace and nonviolence , bush said ."
"the document is intended to provide guidelines for talks on the testier sticking points , such as settlements , timelines , the role of the international community , the fate of jerusalem and the labeling of israel as a jewish state ."
"arabs and palestinians have opposed calling israel a jewish state because , they say , it would preclude many refugees from returning to israel , and the label fails to account for thousands of arabs residing there ."
"some of those issues are addressed in the so called road map to peace established in by the mideast quartet composed of the u . s . , u . n . , russia and european union ."
bush said tuesday that abbas and olmert have agreed to immediately implement their respective obligations under the road map .
the issue of jerusalem also poses problems .
"after bush s announcement , abbas said tuesday that he will not back down on his demand that east jerusalem be named the capital of any future palestinian state ."
"nor will he relent on his calls for israel to dismantle its outposts in the west bank , he said ."
"our purpose here in annapolis is not to conclude an agreement . rather , it is to launch negotiations between the israelis and palestinians , he said . for the rest of us , our job is to encourage the parties in this effort and to give them the support they need to succeed ."
hamas leader ismail haniyeh denounced the annapolis summit in a televised address tuesday .
"the palestinian people will not be bound by anything the palestinian authority agrees to in annapolis , he said ."
"david beckham and his los angeles galaxy teammates held a workout at the olympic stadium on monday before substantially less than the sellout crowd of , that is expected there for an exhibition match the following night ."
"the english star appeared to be concerned about his left ankle several times , clutching it during training and having treatment on the pitch , but los angeles coach ruud gullit said beckham will play hopefully all minutes in the friendly against sydney fc on tuesday night ."
the former manchester united and real madrid midfielder said he was just rearranging his clothing around the ankle .
"on sunday , beckham was accused of snubbing a group of child cancer survivors ."
but beckham said he did not see the children waiting outside his hotel as he arrived from the airport under police escort .
"china has signed an . billion . billion deal for commercial planes from airbus , a spokeswoman for the european aerospace giant has told cnn ."
the announcement of the deal coincides with a state visit by french president nicolas sarkozy to china .
the second day of sarkozy s trip provided a further boost for french business as the french firm areva secured a contract to build two nuclear reactors .
"according to the french daily newspaper le monde , the deal with the china guangdong nuclear power corporation cgnpc in southern china is worth billion . billion ."
"amelia xu , a senior communications officer with airbus , which is based in the french southern city of toulouse , said the company had negotiated two deals ."
"the first deal is to provide aircraft to the china aviation supplies export and import group . the second will mean the delivery of planes to china southern airlines , xu said ."
"the airbus deal is for the manufacturer s medium sized aircraft , including of its a s and a s ."
"the deal will not , however , be for any of the new a super jumbo jets that went into service earlier this year ."
"even though the battered housing market and credit crisis have created turmoil in financial markets , economists expect global growth to slow rather than collapse next year , according to a report released monday ."
"the global economy has shown resilience to the strains in the core of the financial system , which has intensified in recent weeks , citigroup s charts , fortune economic and market analysis group said ."
"the forecast reflects the judgment that the current stresses from the u . s . housing sector , high oil prices , a weak u . s . dollar and the recent financial turmoil will not overwhelm the global economy , lewis alexander , chief economist and head of economic and market analysis at citi , wrote in the report ."
"but , the level of uncertainty around the outlook is unusually high , he added ."
"the group s annual report detailed its outlook on the markets and economy , as well as its view on monetary policy , the pricing of risk and emerging market economies vulnerability to external shocks ."
"strong productivity growth , solid household finances and a lack of imbalances outside of the housing sector should benefit the u . s . economy , the report said ."
"europe s economy also shows signs of resilience , despite the widening fallout of the ongoing credit crisis ."
"the report said emerging markets should remain robust next year , driven by growth in most of asia ."
"citi economists also expect many major central banks to ease policy in the coming months , including another interest rate cut of basis points from the federal reserve ."
"sydney , australia cnn newly elected australian leader kevin rudd renewed a commitment monday to apologize to indigenous aborigines for past indignities ."
the issue of apologizing for policies that helped make the continent s original inhabitants its most impoverished minority is a highly divisive one in australia .
the practice did not end until the s .
the labor party leader said his government would offer the apology on behalf of the nation early in his first term suggesting a timeframe of next year .
"it will be early in the parliamentary term , rudd told reporters in brisbane ."
"we will frame it in a consultative fashion with communities , and that may take some time ."
"outgoing prime minister john howard angered many of australia s , aborigines and their supporters by steadfastly refusing to offer an apology , arguing this generation should not be made to feel guilty for mistakes of the past ."
"polls show most people support an apology , and rudd had promised to do so if he was elected ."
rudd s sweeping victory over howard in saturday s elections ended almost years of conservative rule in australia .
he immediately put signing the kyoto protocol on curbing greenhouse gas emissions at the top of his international agenda .
rudd s policy on kyoto leaves the united states isolated as the only industrialized country not to ratify the pact .
his plan for the phased withdrawal of australia s combat troops from iraq also poses challenges for canberra s relations with washington .
"portland , oregon cnn picking a christmas tree is typically a matter of taste ."
now a handful of growers in the top christmas tree producing state of oregon want people to consider another factor how green a tree is .
they ve created a system to help consumers identify trees grown under certain environmental standards .
"consumers like to do the right thing , said joe sharp , managing partner of yule tree farms and co founder of the coalition of environmentally conscious growers . we are just helping with education ."
this is the first year the coalition s program will be seen in the market .
"more than , tags will hang on trees , indicating the trees were farmed by the coalition s standards ."
"water and soil conservation measures are reviewed , and biodiversity and worker safety are also considered ."
"the trees are not organically grown , but the coalition says the measures help mitigate some of the environmental dangers of christmas tree farming , such as excessive use of pesticides and contribution to erosion ."
"now when consumers buy a tree , they can be sure that the tree was grown with the best intentions for the environment in mind , sharp said ."
"only a fraction of the trees on corner lots and at garden centers will bear the tag , however ."
"the coalition is hoping to take the tag system nationwide , providing an edge in the multimillion dollar business ."
"nearly million households bought a fresh christmas tree in , according to the national christmas tree association ."
oregon is the top producer in the country .
"rome , italy cnn luciano pavarotti s widow has sued two friends of the late tenor for million , claiming their comments about her marriage were defamatory , her lawyer said monday ."
"nicoletta mantovani filed the lawsuit last month after warning that speculation about the state of her marriage to pavarotti would not be tolerated , her lawyer said ."
pavarotti died september of pancreatic cancer at age .
"soon after , friends close to the tenor told italian media that he had been unhappy in the marriage , and that mantovani was fighting his grown daughters from an earlier marriage over his estate ."
"since the comments did not cease and were , in fact , reiterated mantovani had no choice but to file the lawsuit , lawyer anna maria bernini said , confirming weekend reports in the small daily l informazione , based in pavarotti s hometown of modena ."
"she is doing it to protect her sense of respectability privately for the sake of her daughter and the memory of the maestro , publicly for her image and any future professional activity , bernini said ."
"mantovani had a daughter with pavarotti alice , who is ."
the tenor also had three daughters from his first marriage .
"the two people named in the lawsuit are longtime pavarotti friends franca corfini strata , wife of the singer s dietician , and lidia la marca , wife of conductor leone magiera , who often performed with pavarotti ."
"mantovani is seeking million in damages from each woman , bernini said ."
she said mantovani intends to donate any award to charity .
"cnn kevin dubrow , the lead singer of the s heavy metal band quiet riot , has died , cnn has confirmed ."
"dubrow died at his home in las vegas , nevada , according to tmz . com ."
"the clark county coroner s office was examining the body to determine the cause of death , according to tmz ."
"i ve just lost my best friend , quiet riot drummer frankie banali told cnn . out of respect for both kevin and his family , i won t comment further ."
i love him too much .
"quiet riot hit the top of the charts with its album , metal health , considered by some sources as the first heavy metal album to hit no . ."
"the album was driven by the group s cover of slade s cum on feel the noize , which hit the top ."
"the band s other hits included bang your head metal health and another slade cover , mama weer all crazee now ."
"the band formed in the mid s behind dubrow and guitarist randy rhoads , who later joined ozzy osbourne s band and died in a tour accident ."
"but the band s rushed follow up , condition critical , didn t do as well , and dubrow started taking shots at other l . a . bands , such as motley crue and ratt , according to allmusic . com ."
"within a few years , the band had mutinied leaving dubrow at a hotel in hawaii while other members returned to california and taken on a new lead singer ."
the bad blood prompted a lawsuit from dubrow .
"by the s tempers had calmed and the band got together again , putting out a live album in and a new studio set , guilty pleasures , in ."
"according to allmusic , the band broke up once more after its release ."
"a powerful typhoon that weakened into a tropical storm blew tuesday toward japan , leaving at least people dead in the philippines , officials said ."
"four other people remain missing from tropical storm mitag , as another weather disturbance tropical depression hagibis continued to approach western palawan island , disaster relief officials and forecasters said ."
"a weakened mitag was moving northeast close to northern batanes islands at kph mph , with kph mph winds near the center and gusts of up to kph mph ."
"it was forecast to be kilometers miles south of okinawa , japan by wednesday morning ."
"most of the fatalities drowned over the weekend in the eastern provinces of camarines sur and camarines norte , before mitag changed course and roared into the coastal town of palanan , further north in isabela province ."
"two villagers also were reported missing monday when their house was swept away by raging river currents in the northern mountain province of apayao , officials said ."
"after hitting land , mitag veered toward the country s mountainous northern provinces , where authorities evacuated thousands of people due to fears of landslides ."
"the typhoon flooded at least villages in isabela , a province of more than a million people ."
"a swollen river in the provincial capital , ilagan , engulfed at least houses , whose residents fled to safety late sunday , officials said , adding that most of isabela had no power ."
"the agriculture department estimated losses at . million , still a fraction of the million incurred during last year s typhoons ."
al qaeda s tv production unit promised on monday a new message from osama bin laden would be made public soon .
"soon , god willing , a new message from the lion sheik osama bin laden , may god protect him , to the europeans , says a banner posted monday on a radical islamist web site by the production unit , as sahab ."
nor did the banner say whether the message would be video or audio only .
the last message purported to be from bin laden was an audiotape broadcast last month on the arabic language satellite television network al jazeera .
"that message urged al qaeda in iraq and other groups in that country to unify their forces and speak with one voice , that of the islamic nation . the message included no dated references , making it impossible to determine when it was taped based on its contents ."
the tape marked the first time bin laden spoke directly to the militants .
"in september , an audio message purportedly from bin laden urged jihad against pakistani president pervez musharraf . that message titled come to jihad"
"a speech to the people of pakistan was recorded over a montage of old video , and began with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic ."
"club wielding police fought stone throwing rioters in the northern suburbs of paris for a second night monday , with at least five officers suffering injuries during the clashes , authorities said ."
"the riots began sunday night , after two teenagers on a motorcycle were killed in a collision with a police car in the town of villiers le bel , the val d oise police prefecture reported late monday ."
the melees come two years after riots in other paris suburbs populated largely by immigrants and their french born children .
"french president nicolas sarkozy , speaking in beijing while on a visit to china , called for calm while an investigation in the crash is under way ."
"rioters set ablaze at least cars , as well as a police station , library and car dealership in villiers le bel , police said ."
"the clashes had spread across six towns by monday night , they said ."
"the and year old boys killed in the sunday evening wreck were both sons of african immigrants , police said ."
"they died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in the town of villiers le bel , police said ."
"some residents of the town , which is heavily populated by immigrants , accused the police officers of fleeing the scene without helping the boys . police said the teens drove through a red light without wearing helmets and on an unregistered bike ."
"cnn sudan has arrested a british teacher for insulting faith and religion , the british foreign office said monday ."
numerous media reports say gibbons was arrested after allowing her class of year olds to name a teddy bear mohammed .
"that could be seen as an insult to the prophet mohammed , the reports said ."
"blasphemy is punishable with lashes under islamic sharia law , britain s press association news agency reported ."
"gibbons asked the children to pick a name for the bear as part of a lesson on animal habits at unity high school , pa said ."
a british embassy spokesman in khartoum was quoted as saying the naming of the bear did not cause immediate trouble .
"the children chose the name because it is very common here , the spokesman told pa ."
unity director robert boulos told reuters news agency that gibbons was arrested sunday at her home on school grounds after a number of parents made a complaint to sudan s ministry of education .
"he said she had since been charged with blasphemy , an offense he said was punishable with up to three months in prison and a fine , reuters . com reported ."
"gibbons left the northwestern english city of liverpool for sudan in july , pa said ."
a family spokeswoman told the agency i have spoken with her children and they do not want to say anything and aggravate the situation over there .
boulos told reuters he had decided to shut the school until january for fear of reprisals .
the school on its web site calls itself a british international school teaching children aged to .
"this is a very sensitive issue , boulos was quoted as saying on reuters . com ."
"baghdad cnn soldiers manning a checkpoint near baghdad stopped a wedding convoy to find that the purported bride and groom were wanted terror suspects , an iraqi defense ministry official said monday ."
"the army set up the checkpoint last week in the taji area , about miles kilometers north of baghdad ."
"the soldiers became suspicious of the convoy because its members save the bride were all male and because one of the cars in the convoy did not heed orders to stop , the official said ."
"also , soldiers said , the people in the car seemed nervous and the groom refused to lift his bride s veil when soldiers asked him to , according to the official ."
"soldiers ordered everyone out of the car , the official said ."
"upon inspecting the convoy , soldiers found a stubbly faced man , haider al bahadli , decked out in a white bride s dress and veil ."
"bahadli was wanted on terror related charges , as was his groom , abbas al dobbi , the official said ."
two other terror related suspects were detained as well .
"pakistan s president pervez musharraf , under pressure to end a state of emergency that critics say he is using to keep his grip on power , is to quit as army chief and take an oath of office for a third presidential term on thursday ."
"the announcement came as former prime minister nawaz sharif , ousted but musharraf in a coup and banished to saudi arabia , returned to the country to register for forthcoming elections , ruling out an alliance with the president ."
"the news of his imminent change to civilian status drew a muted reaction from the united states , which has repeatedly called on musharraf to remove his uniform ."
"musharraf has committed to stepping down from the army , and we urge him to honor his commitments , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said ."
"qureshi said musharraf will make farewell visits to the army , air force and navy headquarters on tuesday and wednesday before standing down the next day ."
musharraf has named lt . gen . ashfaq kiyani a former head of pakistan s inter services intelligence agency to take his place as military chief .
"arif nizami , editor of the pakistani daily , the nation , said kiyani is generally regarded as in the same mold as general musharraf ."
"musharraf has chosen a successor very carefully who will continue his policies and he will be as pro western as general musharraf is , nizami told cnn international last month ."
washington cnn president bush expressed optimism monday after meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders about reviving the stalled mideast peace process .
"bush s white house talks with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas came on the eve of a conference in annapolis , maryland , among representatives of more than countries , including a wide array of arab nations such as syria and saudi arabia ."
"during a photo session for reporters after talks with abbas , bush said the united states can t impose mideast peace but can help facilitate it ."
"abbas said he hoped the conference would trigger expanded negotiations with israel that would lead to a permanent peace deal , calling the event a historic initiative ."
"earlier , olmert also met with bush , explaining to reporters that this visit was different because we re going to have lots of participants involved ."
"i hope we re going to launch a serious process of negotiations between us and the palestinians , said olmert . this will be a bilateral process but the international support is very important ."
"bush , olmert and abbas will attend a monday dinner hosted by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice ."
bush is expected to speak at the state department dinner .
the bush administration is hoping the conference will trigger final status talks on major issues such as jerusalem and israeli borders .
u . s . officials are looking for a commitment by the palestinians and israelis to carry out previous agreements linked to the so called road map plan for mideast peace .
administration officials also said they hoped the summit would lead toward the strengthening of the palestinian government s infrastructure after the recent split between abbas fatah party and hamas .
"abbas has been involved in a political power struggle against gaza based leaders of hamas , a group which israel considers terrorist and which opposes the jewish state ."
"palestinian protesters , anxious about possible concessions by the abbas delegation have taken to the streets with demonstrations ."
olmert s administration has been plagued by low approval ratings in opinion polls in the wake of israel s war against lebanon based hezbollah militants .
"syria and saudi arabia agreed to attend the conference just days ago after a push from the arab league , which agreed to participate following a meeting on friday ."
the syrian decision to send its deputy foreign minister comes less than three months after israeli warplanes attacked a site in syria reported to be a facility linked to nuclear weapons .
"sydney , australia cnn an australian man was shot to death after complaining about a neighbor s loud music , news reports and police said monday ."
"stephen holmes , , died on a neighbor s front lawn in wollongong , just south of sydney , late saturday after being shot in the chest , new south wales state police said in a statement ."
"the father of four was killed after complaining to a neighbor about the loud music coming from his house , according to reports in fairfax and news ltd . newspapers ."
"police said holmes died in an altercation with another man , but refused to disclose who the other party was or whether they were arguing about the music , saying the matter was still under investigation ."
police said they have launched a manhunt for a suspect in the killing .
"ac milan battled to a win at cagliari for their fourth win in serie a games this season , rallying after falling behind to an early home goal ."
alberto gilardino grabbed the equalizer for milan in the st minute with andrea pirlo grabbing the winner from a free kick with four minutes remaining .
"milan , now on points , are trailing leaders and city rivals inter milan by points ."
french international striker david trezeguet scored his th goal of the season to open the scoring just before the half hour mark .
"juventus move to second , three points behind inter , on goal difference from roma and udinese who beat siena ."
fabio quagliarella and antonio di natale scored the goals .
"depleted by injuries or suspension to seven first team regulars and without coach cesare prandelli , fiorentina hung on for a tie against reggina ."
"eight people died sunday after a section of stands at a soccer stadium in northeastern brazil collapsed as cheering fans jumped up and down at the end of a game , police said ."
"at least nine people fell through a section of the highest bleachers at the fonte nova stadium in the coastal city of salvador , and eight were killed , said maj . edmilson tavares of the city s federal police ."
"tavares said it was not clear what caused the collapse , but brazilian media reports said the year old stadium recently came under heavy criticism for the precarious condition of its stands ."
"tavares said he could not immediately confirm how many people had been injured , but globo tv reported dozens were hurt ."
"cnn a russian judge sentenced opposition leader garry kasparov to five days in jail sunday , a day after the chess champion turned politician and other protesters were arrested at a pro democracy demonstration in moscow ."
"kasparov was charged and sentenced sunday for organizing an unsanctioned procession , resisting arrest and chanting anti government slogans ."
the chess grandmaster said his conviction is part of a government effort to harass him .
"everything you heard here is a lie , he told reporters outside the courtroom . all my rights were violated from the outset , from the moment of my detention ."
kasparov said his arrest was intended to ensure that president vladimir putin s party holds on to power .
"though russia s constitution prohibits a third consecutive term , putin is expected to attempt to retain power in some form ."
"we are absolutely against putin s plan and his political course , because it leads us to the third world , said boris nemtsov , a russian opposition leader . it leads to abuse of power , lawlessness and bureaucracy , uncontrolled corruption ."
kasparov told cnn his arrest came after protesters delivered a written resolution demanding fair elections to the russian central electorate commission .
"authorities have been cracking down on a growing coalition of soviet era dissidents , leftists and democrats who are demanding that next saturday s elections be fair ."
"the united states is concerned by the aggressive tactics used by russian authorities against opposition protesters yesterday in moscow , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said in a written statement sunday ."
we are troubled that garry kasparov and other leaders of the opposition have been arrested and detained . we call for them to be given proper access to legal counsel and fair treatment in processing .
kasparov was detained briefly in april during at another anti putin protest .
"that time , kasparov was fined for participating in the rally ."
"two strong earthquakes that struck eastern indonesia overnight killed at least one person and injured other people , a senior health ministry official said monday ."
dozens of buildings were reportedly destroyed or damaged .
"several hours later , a powerful aftershock hit the same region ."
"everyone panicked , they were running from their houses , some to the hills , said agung prasetyo , a local police officer , adding that the ground shook violently for around seconds ."
"rustam pakaya , the top disaster official at indonesia s health ministry , said in a statement that one child had died and other people were injured by the quakes . he gave no more details ."
"state news agency antara said dozens of buildings were either destroyed or damaged , while witnesses said electricity was temporarily cut in some places , including a hospital , which was briefly evacuated ."
"earlier on sunday , a third earthquake rattled residents on the west coast of sumatra island ."
"scores of people fled from their homes in the region , which has been hit by a series of powerful earthquakes in recent months ."
"indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheavals due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin ."
"san antonio , texas cnn someone in italy placed the winning bid of . million on friday in an online auction for an unpopulated , one house texas town ."
"the town also includes a pavilion , an year old dance hall , a tractor shed , a three bedroom house , plus peach and pecan orchards ."
"but before town owner bobby cave signs the deed over , he must ensure the ebay bid is legitimate ."
"cave said that unlike the usual items bought through ebay , there are no contractual obligations when it comes to real estate ."
"there s just not any way to insist that a guy from italy write me a check for three million , said cave , , an austin , texas , real estate agent ."
"bridgeville , in northern california , was the first town ever put on the ebay auction block ."
"typhoon mitag slammed into the northeastern philippines after killing at least six people , while a deadly storm that blew away days earlier headed back , complicating emergency preparations across the country , officials said monday ."
"mitag roared into the coastal town of palanan in isabela province late sunday , its sustained wind slightly weakening but remaining deadly at kilometers miles per hour with gusts of up to kph mph , government forecaster noel trigonero said ."
"after hitting land , the howler veered toward the country s mountainous northern provinces , where authorities , fearing landslides , evacuated hundreds of people , officials said ."
"clearwater , florida cnn linda hogan has filed for divorce from her wrestler husband hulk hogan , a newspaper reported friday ."
"hulk hogan , whose real name is terry bollea , told the st . petersburg times that he had no idea his wife had filed for divorce ."
he was informed by a reporter that pinellas county court records showed that the paperwork was submitted tuesday .
"family spokesman adam handelsman referred calls to another spokesman , who did not immediately respond friday night ."
"the couple star in the vh reality tv series hogan knows best , with their two children ."
"on november , hogan s son , year old nick bollea , was arrested on reckless driving charges after a car crash ."
clearwater police said bollea crashed his toyota supra on august while street racing against a silver dodge viper driven by a friend .
a report said bollea was driving faster than mph in a mph zone .
"bollea , who was wearing a seat belt , was not seriously injured ."
the hogans moved to a million bayfront estate on miami beach in .
"they had previously lived in clearwater , near tampa ."
"san juan , puerto rico cnn beauty pageant organizers were investigating sunday who doused a contestant s evening gowns with pepper spray and spiked her makeup , causing her to break out in hives ."
"beauty queen ingrid marie rivera beat rivals to become the island s miss universe contestant , despite applying makeup and wearing evening gowns that had been coated with pepper spray , pageant spokesman harold rosario said ."
"rivera was composed while appearing before cameras and judges throughout the competition . but once backstage , she had to strip off her clothes and apply ice bags to her face and body , which swelled and broke out in hives twice ."
"we thought at first it was an allergic reaction , or maybe nerves , rosario said . but the second time , we knew it couldn t have been a coincidence ."
rivera s clothing and makeup later tested positive for pepper spray .
"someone also stole rivera s bag containing her gowns , makeup and credit cards ."
"and a bomb threat forced pageant officials to postpone the last day of competition on thursday , said magali febles , director of the miss puerto rico universe pageant . pageant organizers said the hoped to catch and expose whoever was responsible for the pranks ."
"they said , however , they were handling the investigation themselves and police are not involved ."
"beauty competitions in the u . s . caribbean territory are fierce , drawing boisterous audiences and accusations of rigged results ."
"rivera , who won miss world caribbean in , had been a target of controversy from the start of competition , as rivals complained she was too experienced and should be disqualified ."
"but i said , i am with god and this is my goal , regardless of the results ."
"after seven years of total stalemate , president bush with secretary of state condoleezza rice are providing an opportunity for us and the israelis to resume the negotiations , chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said ."
erakat told cnn s late edition the inclusion of the wider international community will correct the mistakes of the last israeli palestinian peace talks in the united states .
"syria and saudi arabia agreed to attend in the final days leading up to tuesday s conference , after a push from the arab league , which agreed to participate following a meeting on friday ."
"syria , which the u . s . state department calls a sponsor of terrorism , announced sunday it would send deputy foreign minister faisal al miqdad , rather than its foreign minister , to tuesday s conference , according to syria s state run news agency sana ."
israeli government spokeswoman miri eisen welcomed damascus decision to attend .
the fact that they re choosing to send somebody who is openly syrian . . . to a conference which is all about the israeli palestinian track is an important one .
"the whole world is coming to tell palestinians and israelis , we are standing shoulder to shoulder with you , erakat said . this is significant ."
"erakat is part of palestinian president mahmoud abbas delegation , which arrived at andrews air force base , maryland , on saturday night , as anxiety over possible palestinian concessions prompted protesters to take to the streets of gaza ."
"the israeli delegation , led by prime minister ehud olmert , arrived sunday ."
"erakat agreed that no magic stick would emerge from the hour meeting in annapolis , maryland , but said it would provide the basis for talks that should begin the day after tuesday s meeting ."
"erakat told cnn his team is open to discussing land swaps , meaning that if israel takes parts of the west bank , then the palestinian authority could take parts of israel for a future state ."
"on monday , president bush will hold separate white house meetings with olmert and abbas ."
"rice will hold a dinner monday evening for all the delegations at the state department , and bush will speak ."
"on wednesday , the president again will meet the israelis and palestinians at the white house ."
"australian opposition leader kevin rudd greeted jubilant supporters saturday night , as he promised changes in environmental , education and workplace policies as australia s new prime minister ."
"i will be a prime minister for all australians , the head of the center left labor party told the cheering crowd ."
let us be the generation that seizes the opportunity of today to invest in the australia of tomorrow . that s the mission statement we have as the next government of this country .
"i want to do it with all of us working together , said rudd , ."
"in his concession speech , prime minister john howard told supporters that he leaves government with australia stronger and prouder and more prosperous than it was and a half years ago ."
"with less than percent of the vote counted , the labor party has won of the seats in parliament , a net gain of nearly two dozen from the last election , according to the country s web site results ."
"labor garnered about . percent of the vote , according to the web site ."
labor s victory over howard s center right liberal national coalition ends howard s quest for a fifth term .
"howard , , has been a staunch supporter of president bush s decision to go to war in iraq ."
"a section of a bridge collapsed saturday as thousands of hungry cyclone victims stampeded toward aid workers delivering rice in southwestern bangladesh , officials said ."
villagers have become desperate for food and other aid as relief workers struggle to bring in adequate supplies .
"rescuers used cranes to remove concrete slabs from the collapsed foot section to search for people feared crushed underneath , while frantic villagers gathered by the river to search for loved ones ."
the u . s . navy was planning to begin distribution as early as
"the u . s . navy delivered , gallons of drinking water to hard hit barisal district on friday , u . s . embassy spokeswoman amy vrampas said ."
"we ve been told that water was the most crucial , she said ."
"with many wells destroyed by the cyclone , there is a critical need for clean water supplies to prevent the spread of cholera and severe diarrhea ."
"at least , people were killed by the november cyclone , according to the bangladeshi army , and the country s disaster management ministry says , people remain missing ."
"cnn authorities in galveston , texas , say they know the identity of a little girl whose body washed ashore in a box last month , and that the girl s mother and another person have been arrested ."
"investigators believe the child they dubbed baby grace is actually year old riley ann sawyers , the galveston county sheriff s office said in a statement ."
"police say they have arrested the girl s mother , kimberly dawn trenor , , and royce clyde zeigler ii , , both of spring , texas ."
"they are charged with injury to a child and tampering with physical evidence , police said ."
"their bonds are set at , each ."
maj . ray tuttoilmondo with the galveston county sheriff s office confirmed that arrests had been made and said more information would be released at a monday morning news conference .
"on october , a fisherman discovered the body in a blue sterilite plastic container on an uninhabited island in galveston s west bay ."
"police dubbed the dead girl baby grace , and asked the public for help in identifying her ."
"a medical examiner said the child s skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at to years ."
"the other sketch , a close up rendering of the child s face , shows a fair skinned toddler with long blond hair ."
thousands of hindu protesters met water cannons and tear gas in malaysia s capital on sunday while demanding equal rights and consideration from the government .
"some protesters threw rocks at the water cannon trucks , but others were urging peaceful demonstrations ."
the ap quoted witnesses who saw people being beaten and dragged into trucks by police .
police stopped protesters as they tried to take a petition to the british high commission .
"talks were under way for authorities to allow six protesters to deliver the petition , should the crowd disperse ."
"the rally rooted in complaints that the ethnic malay muslim dominated government discriminates against minorities was the largest protest in at least a decade involving ethnic indians , the country s second largest minority population after ethnic chinese ."
the ethnic indians are generally the most underprivileged .
"earlier this month , riot police used water hoses and tear gas against thousands of protesters demanding electoral reform , the largest demonstration in kuala lumpur in nearly a decade ."
"the violence spurred the creation of programs that give malays privileges in government jobs , contracts and education ."
he arrived at lahore s airport on a jet provided by the saudi government at around p . m .
"he emerged amid a crowd of uniformed security personnel and throngs of cheering supporters at the airport , where security was on high alert ."
"speaking to cnn just moments before his plane departed from medina , saudi arabia , sharif denied reports that he struck a deal with president pervez musharraf s government that would allow him to return to pakistan ."
"i haven t met any pakistani government functionary over the last eight years , although there were a lot of overtures from the pakistani side to meet me and to talk to me , sharif said sunday afternoon ."
"he said he has not changed his position on musharraf , the man who overthrew him in a bloodless military coup in ."
he was quickly deported back to saudi arabia by musharraf s government when he tried to return in september .
political observers doubt he will be turned away this time .
pakistani police set up on roadblocks leading into lahore and the government had warned sharif supporters they would be blocked from entering the city .
"pakistani police launched a crackdown on sharif supporters ahead of his arrival , arresting several hundred at their homes and stopping hundreds more who were traveling to lahore to welcome him , authorities and eyewitnesses told cnn ."
sharif who leads the opposition party pakistan muslim league said he has been talking to bhutto trying to find common ground in uniting the opposition to musharraf s government .
"we both have been interacting over the past few days , so let s see what comes out of it , sharif said ."
"sharif , like other opposition leaders , was highly critical of bhutto for discussing a power sharing government with musharraf ."
those talks ended when musharraf imposed a state of emergency on nov . .
"sharif said that while his alliance the all pakistan democratic movement apdm is preparing to participate in the january elections , they will only take part if musharraf withdraws the emergency declaration and releases opposition members who have been jailed ."
"everything that was done must be reversed and drawn back completely , he said ."
you must have a level playing field for free and fair elections .
"a canadian cruise ship struck submerged ice off antarctica and began sinking friday , but all people on board , including americans and britons , took to lifeboats and were plucked to safety by another cruise liner ."
"chilean navy vessels in the area lost sight of the stricken ms explorer early friday evening , hours after the pre dawn accident near antarctica s south shetland islands , and wreckage indicated it had gone under completely , according to a navy press officer who declined be identified in accordance with department policy ."
"the crew and passengers were taken to a chilean base and no injuries were reported , although they reportedly endured subfreezing temperatures for several hours in bobbing lifeboats before being picked up by a norwegian vessel ."
photos released by the chilean navy showed the ship lying nearly on its side surrounded by floating blocks of ice .
"but by then the ship s entire crew , and passengers from more than a dozen nations including britons , dutch , americans , canadians and australians had been evacuated , according to the tour operator ."
"they re all accounted for , no injuries whatsoever ."
the philippines and vietnam stepped up the evacuations of tens of thousands ahead of the landfalls of two separate typhoons expected on saturday .
"in vietnam , officials were evacuating , people , as typhoon hagibis neared the nation s southern coast , days after unleashing deadly landslides and floods in the philippines , the associated press reported ."
"the typhoon was packing kph mph , ap reported ."
"meanwhile , the philippine national red cross was preparing in full force for typhoon mitag s arrival , benjamin delfin of the red cross told cnn ."
"families in most of the vulnerable areas prone to landslide and those families living along the coastline have been evacuated , he said ."
"as mitag bore down on the philippines , president gloria macapagal arroyo ordered mass evacuations , the government reported ."
"some , people in the province of albay were being forced to evacuate , it said ."
"the typhoon is blamed for killing at least people , the philippine government reported on its web"
singapore cnn oil prices were little changed friday as the market turned its attention to opec for signals on whether the cartel will raise production to ease record prices .
"light , sweet crude for january delivery added cents to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midday in singapore ."
"gasoline prices added . cent to . a gallon . liters , while natural gas futures rose . cents to . per , cubic feet ."
"on wednesday , the contract fell cents to settle at . a barrel during the new york floor session , retreating from an intraday record of . a barrel touched during electronic trading earlier in the day ."
a swoon in global stock markets also depressed
oil prices wednesday . energy investors worry that falling equities are a symptom of weakening economies that would use less oil and gasoline .
"oil inventories fell . million barrels last week , according to the energy department s energy information agency ."
"analysts surveyed by dow jones newswires had forecast , on average , an increase of , barrels ."
"cushing inventories , though , rose . million barrels , their first substantial increase in weeks , and the largest since the end of august ."
"beijing , china cnn a landslide on a mountainside in central china earlier this week buried a bus carrying as many as people , police told cnn on friday ."
"the long distance passenger bus was last seen when it stopped at a police checkpoint on tuesday , about kilometers miles from the hubei province spot where the landslide occurred ."
officials suspected the bus was crushed in the landslide after it was determined to be missing .
"work crews later confirmed the bus was indeed buried , and hundreds of rescuers worked to excavate the vehicle ."
"no bodies have yet been retrieved in the painstaking effort , slowed by the presence of huge , heavy boulders at the site ."
the landslide also killed a laborer at a rail tunnel work site above a highway . another was injured and two are missing .
"the landslide tore a yard gash on a mountainside tuesday and raised concern that the massive reservoir of the three gorges dam , miles km away , was wreaking ecological havoc in the region , according to the associated press ."
"the bus was traveling from shanghai to lichuan city , ap reported , and all told as many as or more people may have been killed ."
"the accident occurred amid growing criticism of the ecological impact of the billion three gorges dam , the world s largest hydropower project ."
"a government meeting in september warned about an increase in landslides and other seismic activity as the reservoir level was raised over the past year and sent water seeping into slopes , undermining hillsides of soil and shale ."
"los angeles , california cnn in hollywood , santa claus comes in all stripes , from the childlike edmund gwenn in miracle on th street to north pole draftee tim allen in the santa clause flicks to gutter mouth billy bob thornton in bad santa ."
the latest incarnation is a thoroughly modern santa
"overworked , stressed out over his whitening hair , battling to maintain inventory , and squaring off against an efficiency expert who wants to downsize st . nick out of a job ."
"as played by paul giamatti in fred claus , santa tries to keep the ho ho ho in his voice despite a weight problem and a centuries old case of sibling rivalry involving his black sheep brother vince vaughn ."
"i just got such a kick out of seeing santa claus as a human being with , like , his issues of being a saint and having to take care of everyone , and how he s carrying that , said fred claus director david dobkin ."
the movie mold for santa was established by gwenn in s miracle on th street .
"richard attenborough did a sturdy take on gwenn s character in a remake , while ed asner played an endearingly wayworn santa in will ferrell s comedy elf ."
"in fred claus , giamatti does a weary , harried santa trying to keep everybody happy his corporate overseers , his needling wife miranda richardson , his adoring but judgmental mom kathy bates , his legion of elves and all the kids of the world ."
"complicating matters is brother fred , a huckster who hits up his sibling for some quick cash and reluctantly agrees to work it off at the north pole ."
"fred s spent eons envying nick , the favorite son who could do no wrong ."
"jessie nelson , a producer on fred claus who came up with the story , said the idea hit her one night as she tucked her young daughter in bed ."
"then i began to think , it must be so hard to be santa claus brother , because he s this perfect kid ."
"he s jolly , he s always giving away his birthday presents , he s laughing all the time ."
"detroit , michigan cnn the romantics have filed a federal lawsuit against activision inc . , the maker of guitar hero , saying the popular video game infringes on the band s rights by featuring a soundalike recording of its hit what i like about you ."
"the lawsuit , filed tuesday in u . s . district court in the group s hometown of detroit , seeks unspecified damages ."
the song is one of about songs featured on guitar hero encore
rocks the s .
the band also is seeking an injunction that could take the best selling game off store shelves .
"the band s attorneys tell the detroit free press for thursday s edition that activision properly secured permission to use what i like about you , allowing it to record a cover version ."
"baltimore , maryland cnn a two month old dolphin calf at the national aquarium is being nursed by three females , the aquarium announced ."
"while it is known that female bottlenose dolphins can spontaneously produce milk if a calf is present , the practice is not well documented and aquarium staff are carefully watching the process ."
"the unnamed male calf was born to a dolphin named jade , who is being helped in her nursing duties by the mother daughter team of chesapeake and shiloh , the aquarium said in a statement issued tuesday to announce the birth ."
"aquarium officials are compiling a list of possible names for the calf , which appears to be thriving ."
"interact with the trainers and toys , the aquarium said ."
"dolphin calves are fragile and not easily handled during their first two to three months of life , and trainers at the aquarium are leaving the nursing duties to its mother and her helpers ."
"kampala , uganda cnn britain s queen elizabeth ii on thursday commended the ugandan government for its efforts to end devastating conflict in northern uganda , where a rebel group has waged a brutal year insurgency ."
"on friday , the queen will open the biennial commonwealth heads of goverment summit , which uganda is hosting for the first time ."
"uganda is also to be commended for its contribution to peacekeeping in somalia , which is a tribute to the courage and professionalism of uganda s armed forces , the year old monarch told the ugandan parliament ."
"the queen commended uganda on making , considerable advances in spite of periods of adversity , since her last visit to the country in about years ago ."
"beirut , lebanon cnn less than hours before the lebanese president s term will expire , no one has been chosen to replace him ."
emile lahoud s presidential term is set to end friday at midnight p . m . et .
"parliament was scheduled to meet friday to try for a fifth time to elect a president , but there were indications that the session would be canceled ."
pro and anti syrian lawmakers had come to no agreement over a compromise candidate to replace the pro syrian lahoud .
the syrian and iranian backed opposition has suggested it might form a rival government .
the army and other security forces were on full alert as the nation braced itself for possible violence .
the election has been overshadowed by assassinations and attempted assassinations of anti syrian politicians .
"in the past two years , four members of the lebanese parliament have been assassinated ."
"meanwhile , members of the western backed parliamentary majority were holed up thursday inside a beirut hotel meeting in emergency session ."
"a general who is a powerful christian leader , backed by syria and allied with hezbollah , appeared thursday on television offering himself as a compromise candidate ."
"but his offer was rejected by the western backed majority led by saad hariri , son of the assassinated prime minister ."
"for the past few weeks , top level mediators from france , saudi arabia , jordan and other countries have been trying unsuccessfully to break the deadlock ."
some analysts suggested the president could name an interim military governor and house speaker nabih berri hinted that he might postpone elections .
"the foreign ministers of france , italy and spain issued a statement saying they have tried everything , and it is now up to the lebanese to craft a solution ."
"lebanese presidents are elected by the national assembly for a six year term and may not serve consecutive terms , according to the cia factbook ."
"beijing , china cnn european companies believe china is trying to avoid fully carrying out its free trade pledges , according to a survey released thursday ahead of a visit by european union leaders for talks on trade , currency and other disputes ."
report by the european chamber of commerce in china adds to mounting complaints that beijing is violating world trade organization commitments by trying to nurture chinese companies at the expense of foreign rivals .
"people see that government bodies are trying to avoid carrying out wto pledges more actively , so that is bad news , joerg wuttke , president of the european chamber , said at a news conference ."
european leaders plan to lobby china to lower barriers to imports and foreign investment and ease currency controls when
"the two sides meet next week in beijing , according to eu officials ."
"europe has shown greater urgency lately about pressing china for action to narrow its swelling trade surplus , an area where washington has long taken the lead in lobbying beijing ."
"both the u . s . and eu accuse china of improperly using tax , investment and other policies to promote the growth of chinese champions in industries ranging from oil to banking while putting foreign companies at a disadvantage ."
"the investment climate is not getting better , said wuttke , who is the china manager for german chemical company basf ag ."
"the number of european companies complaining about china s rampant product piracy is about the same as last year , he said ."
"the eu delegation is led by the president of the european commission , jose manuel barroso , and prime minister jose socrates of portugal ."
"also next week , european currency officials are to meet separately with chinese officials to seek an easing of controls on china s currency , the yuan ."
"the eu , united states and other trading partners say the yuan is kept undervalued , giving chinese exporters an unfair price advantage and adding to the country s surplus ."
"the survey of european companies found the majority are skeptical about the government s ability and willingness to implement wto regulations , said a report by the european chamber ."
"some percent thought beijing is actively seeking loopholes to circumvent , avoid or delay carrying out wto pledges , it said ."
"at the meetings next week , we hope that the leaders of both nations will discuss opening their markets or keeping them open and try to get rid of protectionist arguments in both regions , wuttke said ."
"beijing , china ap stuck in a crowd of about other tourists , zhong jian and her friends waited for an hour to buy tickets for a boat cruise down the scenic li river before giving up . their problem"
the resulting public backlash is prompting the government to rethink its tightly regulated national holiday policy .
most chinese cannot take a break when they want .
"rather , the government has set three weeks a year as national holidays ."
factories and offices shut down giving many workers time off they might otherwise never get .
but putting so many of the country s . billion people on the move at one time is causing a huge national headache .
"under a proposal issued earlier this month , the government suggested paring the weeklong may break to one day and making three new one day holidays out of traditional celebrations including grave sweeping day , the dragon boat festival and the mid autumn festival ."
the plan has set off a lively debate in the state run media .
"some hail the changes as a boost for traditional culture , and others say the change isn t enough ."
they call for the system to be scrapped completely in favor of letting people choose their own holidays .
changes in holidays are another measure of how the country s economic modernization is remaking chinese society .
"after coming to power , communist china s founders eliminated many traditional festivals in an attempt to engineer a break with what they considered the feudal past ."
"in , with the economy limping and ordinary chinese hoarding their earnings in banks , the government decided that longer vacations would encourage people to spend money ."
"the lunar new year , labor day may and national day october breaks were lengthened to full weeks called golden weeks ."
"travel spending hit billion yuan . billion during that year s october break , according to government figures ."
"in , tourists spent . billion yuan . billion in the same period , the official xinhua news agency said ."
"travelers overrun popular destinations such as the great wall , beijing s forbidden city and sacred mount tai in eastern china ."
"fed up , many middle class chinese are traveling abroad over the three golden weeks to avoid the hordes at home ."
"meanwhile , a growing number of companies are staggering breaks , even though the law requires them to pay employees three times their daily salaries to work during holidays to eliminate production shutdowns ."
economists have cheered the new government plan as a good first step toward alleviating congestion and pushing tourism companies to improve service .
"ultimately , some experts argue , the government should stop ordering people when to take a break and instead mandate a paid vacation system , as many other countries have ."
"the changes could be put into place next year , state media has said ."
authorities have said that they will incorporate suggestions from businesses and the public in the final plan .
"paris , france cnn striking french rail workers overwhelmingly were voting thursday to return to work after a transport crippling , nine day walkout to protest president nicolas sarkozy s retirement reforms , initial figures indicated ."
rail workers appeared to be ceding in the standoff between sarkozy and the unions a symbolic first battle and a crucial test in the president s broad campaign of economic and social change for changing france .
"returns so far show wide support for bringing an end to the strike a day after the start of negotiations with the government , france s sncf rail authority said ."
"we think a dynamic of return to work has begun , sncf spokeswoman julie vion said ."
"on thursday , the few trains running were still crammed with commuters and getting around paris remained a challenge , with at least one commuter train line shut entirely and traffic at a near standstill on other subway routes , officials said ."
"about of the usual high speed tgv trains were running nationwide , the sncf said the best level of tgv service since the strike began ."
"amid widespread passenger discontent with the strikes , several groups of workers from the sncf and paris public transit authority , ratp , voted wednesday to return to work ."
the transport strikes were triggered by sarkozy s plan to reform special retirement benefits for certain public sector workers .
"under the reform , all workers will have to work for years to qualify for full pensions , compared to . years now ."
"sarkozy said tuesday he would not back down on the reforms , and opinion polls suggest most french disapprove of the walkouts ."
but the mere fact that negotiations started was seen as a step forward .
representatives for rail unions and management agreed wednesday on a schedule for negotiations and a list of subjects to be covered in future meetings .
the next meeting was set for monday .
the government has put a one month deadline on the talks .
they are protesting a law passed earlier this year allowing universities more freedom to attract private funding and raise tuition .
"lahore , pakistan cnn pakistan has been suspended from the commonweath a nation organization made up of the uk and its former colonies ."
"a meeting in uganda decided on the move pending the restoration of democracy and rule of law in the country , a commonwealth statement said ."
pakistan imposed emergency rule on november . the commonwealth statement said
the situation in pakistan continued to represent a serious violation of the commonwealth s fundamental political values .
"the suspension means no further commonwealth programs will be carried out in pakistan , and pakistan cannot participate in any of the organization s business , said michael frendo , the foreign minister of malta who chaired thursday s meeting ."
"earlier , pakistan s supreme court cleared the way for another five year presidential term for general pervez musharraf ."
"the court , newly filled with musharraf allies , sided with him on the final legal challenge to his candidacy ."
musharraf has said he will step down as pakistan s military chief before taking the oath this weekend as president .
he removed nearly all of the supreme court justices shortly after declaring the state of emergency .
"on wednesday pakistan police released pakistani opposition party leader imran khan from the dera ghazi khan city jail in punjab province , police sources said ."
the former cricket star and leader of the movement for justice party staged a hunger strike and had said he would do so until the supreme court justices fired by musharraf were reinstated .
khan s party has campaigned for an independent judiciary .
"police seized khan last week after he appeared at a student rally at the university of punjab in lahore , police said ."
he had been on the run after escaping from house arrest days after the november emergency order was imposed .
sweden sealed their place at euro with a group f victory over latvia in solna which rendered northern ireland s bid to win in spain irrelevant .
"marcus allback opened the scoring within a minute of kick off , but swedish hearts were in their mouths when juris laizans equalised after minutes ."
sweden got off to a dream start when zlatan ibrahimovic provided a cross from the right for allback to head home from close range .
the victory means sweden secure their place in austria and switzerland by finishing second in the group behind group winners spain .
"an unlikely victory in gran canaria , combined with latvia beating sweden , would have seen the province secure a place in euro and end their long absence from a major finals ."
"washington cnn even infants can tell the difference between naughty and nice playmates , and know which to choose , a new study finds ."
"babies as young as to months old showed crucial social judging skills before they could talk , according to a study by researchers at yale university s infant cognition center published in thursday s journal nature ."
the infants watched a googly eyed wooden toy trying to climb roller coaster hills and then another googly eyed toy come by and either help it over the mountain or push it backward .
they then were presented with the toys to see which they would play with .
nearly every baby picked the helpful toy over the bad one .
the babies also chose neutral toys ones that didn t help or hinder over the naughty ones . and the babies chose the helping toys over the neutral ones .
"it s incredibly impressive that babies can do this , said study lead author kiley hamlin , a yale psychology researcher . it shows that we have these essential social skills occurring without much explicit teaching ."
"there was no difference in reaction between the boys and girls , but when the researchers took away the large eyes that made the toys somewhat lifelike , the babies didn t show the same social judging skills , hamlin said ."
"a study last year out of germany showed that babies as young as months old overwhelmingly helped out when they could , such as by picking up toys that researchers dropped ."
"david lewkowicz , a psychology professor at florida atlantic university in boca raton who wasn t part of the study , said the yale research was intriguing ."
but he doesn t buy into the natural ability part .
he said that the behavior was learned and that the new research doesn t prove otherwise .
"infants acquire a great deal of social experience between birth and months of age and thus the assumption that this kind of capacity does not require experience is simply unwarranted , lewkowicz told the associated press in an e mail ."
"but the yale team has other preliminary research that shows similar responses even in month olds , hamlin said ."
researchers also want to know if the behavior is limited to human infants .
"the yale team is starting tests with monkeys , but has no results yet , hamlin said ."
"italian investigators are awaiting the results of crucial dna tests on evidence related to the murder of british student meredith kercher , as the latest suspect arrested in the case awaits his extradition to italy ."
a source in the perugia prosecutor s office told cnn the results would likely be released on thursday evening .
"both are considered prime suspects in the killing of kercher , , whose half naked body was found with a stab wound to the neck earlier this month at her villa in perugia , north of rome ."
"german police are holding another suspect , rudy hermann guede , , who was arrested tuesday near mainz and is awaiting extradition to italy ."
"congolese bar owner patrick lumumba , who was arrested in perugia along with knox and sollecito was released tuesday after two weeks in custody ."
sollecito has said he was at home the night that kercher was killed .
"a judge filed preliminary charges against former president jacques chirac on wednesday in a probe of suspicions that people were given fake jobs while he was mayor of paris , his lawyer said ."
"the case is one of several hanging over chirac , who had kept investigators at arm s length while he was president by using the immunity that comes with the post ."
"under french law , preliminary charges mean the investigating judge has determined there is strong evidence to suggest involvement in a crime ."
"cnn it may not be the most appetizing reading before a hearty holiday meal , but the new england journal of medicine is devoting part of its thanksgiving issue to a giant hairball and not the feline kind ."
"after a scan of the woman s abdomen showed a large mass , doctors lowered a scope through her esophagus ."
"ronald m . levy and srinadh komanduri , gastroenterologists at rush university medical center in chicago , illinois ."
"for the uninitiated , a bezoar is a hairball ."
"on questioning , the patient stated that she had had a habit of eating her hair for many years a condition called trichophagia , they wrote ."
"it seemed like she d been doing this for several years , levy told cnn ."
"the woman underwent surgery to remove the mass of black , curly hair , which weighed pounds and measured inches by inches by inches , the doctors said ."
"five days later , she was eating normally and was sent home ."
"a year later , the pain and vomiting were gone , the patient had regained pounds and reports that she has stopped eating her hair ."
"reached at his home in chicago , levy said he had no idea whether the journal s timing of the publication on thanksgiving was intentional ."
"either way , he said , it would not affect the gastroenterologists holiday dinner plans we don t get fazed by much ."
"madrid , spain cnn a spaniard who went on television to beg his estranged girlfriend to marry him getting down on his knees , crying and offering an engagement ring , only to be rejected is now a suspect in her stabbing death , officials said wednesday ."
"ricardo navarro , , and his former partner , a russian woman identified only as svetlana , took part in a popular daytime talk show last week ."
"i love you . you only live once , as you told me , and i want to spend mine with you , navarro said on a program called diario de patricia on the network antena ."
"everything , navarro said , his voice quavering ."
"the woman , also , was found with her throat cut four days later in the elevator of her apartment building in the eastern city of alicante , and died on monday ."
"her last name has not been released because it is court policy not to name victims of gender violence , said an official at the superior court of justice of valencia , which covers neighboring alicante ."
police arrested navarro .
he went before a judge wednesday for a preliminary hearing .
he has not been formally charged .
"boomerang , the company that produces the program for antena , said the televised meeting was arranged as a surprise at navarro s request so he could try to make up with his girlfriend ."
"program staffers , acting on their own , have tried to contact the woman s relatives in russia ."
"there is no cause and effect relationship , limon said , noting the killing was four days after the show ."
"the host of the program , patricia gaztanaga , began tuesday s show by expressing sorrow for the victim and her family ."
the russian woman leaves behind a small daughter from another relationship .
"none of us who take part in this program could imagine that something like this was going to happen , gaztanaga said ."
"philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo ordered the evacuation of thousands of people in the eastern philippines ahead of a powerful tropical storm , officials said wednesday ."
"in one province alone , officials estimated that up to , people would be evacuated to gymnasiums , churches and schools by friday when tropical storm mitag was forecast to make landfall ."
"and in vietnam , the government said tropical storm hagibis was expected to hit the country s southern region saturday ."
"it s still far , and that means we still have time to conduct preparedness , cruz"
"recent rains have saturated the ground around mayon volcano in bicol , and the president was worried there could be a repeat of last year s landslides and flash floods that killed more than , people , said anthony golez , deputy director of the office of civil defense ."
"gov . joey salceda of albay , where last year s typhoon durian unleashed tons of volcanic debris that wiped out entire villages , said some schools will be used as temporary shelters ."
"evacuations also were reported from the provincial capital of legazpi and nearby daraga township , cedric daep , executive officer of the albay disaster office , said ."
new york ap the rockefeller center christmas tree is going greener with energy saving lights replacing old fashioned bulbs on the towering evergreen this year .
mayor michael bloomberg said he hoped the change to the midtown manhattan display will inspire the tens of millions of new yorkers and tourists who see the tree every year .
"now they will see an example of green leadership which may inspire them to make greener choices in their own lives , bloomberg said tuesday ."
"the foot tall norway spruce will be covered with , multicolored light emitting diodes , or leds , strung on five miles of wire ."
"using the energy efficient leds to replace incandescent bulbs will reduce the display s electricity consumption from , to , kilowatt hours per day ."
"the daily savings is equal to the amount of electricity consumed by a typical , square foot house in a month ."
"the owners of rockefeller center , tishman speyer , also showed off a new panel solar energy array that will generate electricity on the roof of one of the complex s buildings , the largest privately owned solar roof in manhattan ."
"after the official tree lighting ceremony on november , the christmas tree will be illuminated from a . m . to p . m . most days through the first week of january ."
"the rockefeller center tradition was started in , when construction workers building the first part of the office building complex erected a foot balsam fir amid the site s mud and rubble ."
"los angeles cnn almost years after the wizard of oz premiered at grauman s chinese theatre , a few of the film s munchkins made a grand entrance there tuesday to receive a collective star on the hollywood walk of fame ."
"seven of the surviving actors who played the inhabitants of munchkinland in the classic attended the ceremony , arriving in a horse drawn carriage and trailed by a marching band ."
"a yellow carpet , resembling the film s yellow brick road , led them to the stage ."
"one tap danced , and another sang ."
"you have touched our hearts , former munchkin mickey carroll , , told the crowd ."
"carroll was joined by former munchkin colleagues ruth duccini , jerry maren , margaret pellegrini , meinhardt raabe , karl slover and clarence swensen ."
"i m as proud today as my mother would have been , said joey luft , the son of judy garland ."
"garland , who played the movie s wide eyed orphan , dorothy gale , died of a drug overdose in ."
carroll was one of more than a hundred adults and children who were recruited for oz to play the natives of what author l . frank baum called munchkin country in his book the wonderful wizard of oz .
"they only made a week while filming , followed by decades of recognition , carroll told the associated press by phone before the ceremony ."
"i m not a munchkin , i m an entertainer , carroll noted . but the movie is great because we all grew up with it ."
"dublin , ireland ap the only salmon farm in northern ireland has lost its entire population of more than , fish , worth million , to a spectacular jellyfish attack , its owners said wednesday ."
"the northern salmon co . ltd . said billions of jellyfish in a dense pack of about square miles and feet deep overwhelmed the fish last week in two net pens about a mile off the coast of the glens of antrim , north of belfast ."
"managing director john russell said the company s dozen workers tried to rescue the salmon , but their three boats struggled for hours to push their way through the mass of jellyfish ."
"all the fish were dead or dying from stings and stress by the time the boats reached the pens , he said ."
"russell , who previously worked at scottish salmon farms and took the northern ireland job just three days before the attack , said he had never seen anything like it in years in the business ."
"the sea was red with these jellyfish and there was nothing we could do about it , absolutely nothing , he said ."
"the species of jellyfish responsible , pelagia nocticula popularly known as the mauve stinger is noted for its purplish night time glow and its propensity for terrorizing bathers in the warmer mediterranean sea ."
"until the past decade , the mauve stinger has rarely been spotted so far north in british or irish waters , and scientists cite this as evidence of global warming ."
"russell said the company , which bills its salmon as organic and exports to france , belgium , germany and the united states , faces likely closure unless it receives emergency aid from the british government ."
"it s a disaster , he said ."
"pakistan police wednesday released jailed pakistani opposition party leader imran khan , who had been on a hunger strike , police sources said ."
"khan , a former pakistani cricket star , had previously said he would continue his hunger strike until the supreme court justices fired by president gen . pervez musharraf are reinstated ."
"khan was seized by police last wednesday after surfacing at a student rally at the university of punjab in lahore , police said ."
he was facing anti terrorism charges .
khan had been on the run after escaping from house arrest days after the nov . emergency order was imposed . watch a report on khan s arrest raquo
"he was released wednesday from the dera ghazi khan city jail in punjab province , police sources said ."
"khan heads the movement for justice party , which campaigns for an independent judiciary in pakistan ."
he has been an outspoken critic of musharraf s removal of nearly all of the supreme court justices shortly after declaring a state of emergency on nov . .
that will pave the way for musharraf to take the oath of office for a third five year term as president .
"striking railway workers have carried out a coordinated campaign of sabotage on the tracks of france s high speed tgv rail network , setting fire to cables and signal boxes and causing delays of up to three hours , france s national rail authority said wednesday ."
"the rail authority , government and unions all condemned the acts ."
"in a statement , the french national railway company , sncf , said the attempts to destroy the lines were aimed at preventing services from resuming ."
"a large fire on the tgv atlantic line damaged km . miles of cable along the signaling network , forcing high speed trains to be rerouted along slower lines , the sncf said ."
another fire along the tgv east line slowed service .
"the authority said it dispatched teams to identify the areas of damage and repair them , and that police were also investigating ."
french transport minister dominique bussereau denounced grave abuses and described the coordinated character of the acts as unacceptable .
unions also condemned the acts of vandalism committed by cowards .
crude oil prices rose above a record per barrel wednesday as worries about inadequate winter supplies in the northern hemisphere and news of refinery problems stoked bullish sentiment .
the declining u . s . dollar and speculation that the u . s . federal reserve will again cut interest rates also boosted prices .
"some investors put their money into oil contracts , betting that gains in their price will offset dollar weakness ."
"the market is now really looking at a barrel as the next target to hit , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore ."
brent crude for january delivery was little changed at . .
the mythical per barrel is of course within reach for today with or without the help of the weekly statistics .
cnn u . s . presidential candidates wednesday condemned saudi justice after a rape victim was sentenced to lashes and six months in jail .
"calling the decision an outrage , sen . hillary clinton urged president bush to protest the decision to the saudi authorities ."
"the bush administration has refused to condemn the sentence and said it will not protest an internal saudi decision , the democrat presidential front runner said in a statement ."
i urge president bush to call on king abdullah of saudi arabia to cancel the ruling and drop all charges against this woman .
"the decision to punish the victim of a gang rape is an appalling breach of the most fundamental human rights , said democratic presidential candidate john edwards ."
"i am outraged that president bush has refused to condemn the sentence , he said ."
ibf champion wladimir klitschko and wbo titleholder sultan ibragimov will fight february at madison square garden to unify two of the four heavyweight world titles .
"regarded by many as the best of the current heavyweights , klitschko , knockouts tops the independent ibo rankings ."
"ibragimov , knockouts pounded out an unanimous decision against evander holyfield last month ."
msg president steve mills and klitschko s management confirmed the fight tuesday .
"holyfield lost heavyweight boxing s last unification fight in , dropping his wba and ibf belts to wbc champion lennox lewis ."
the current fractured state of the title in boxing s marquee division is blamed in part for a slide in the sport s popularity .
the other two heavyweight champions are ruslan chagaev of the wba and samuel peter of the wbc .
"a fourth suspect in the killing of a year old british woman in italy has been arrested in germany , italian police and german prosecutors said tuesday ."
"rudy hermann guede was arrested by chance after being caught on a train without a ticket by the german authorities in the town of mainz , near frankfurt , german prosecutors have said ."
"perugia police chief arturo de felice said italian police had known for a couple of days that guede , , of ivory coast , was believed to be in the mainz area ."
de felice told cnn that computer information had traced guede to mainz .
the police chief refused to confirm reports in the italian media that guede was located after police traced to an internet cafe in the town messages he had sent on the social networking web site facebook .
"a spokesman for the prosecutor s office in koblenz , near mainz , said the suspect is expected to be deported to italy in the coming days ."
"investigators found the body of kercher half naked with a stab wound to the neck on november at her home in perugia , where she was studying as an exchange student at the umbrian city s university ."
a report issued by an italian judge last week suggested that the british student may have been sexually assaulted at knifepoint before she was killed in her bed .
guede was identified after police found a bloody fingerprint on a pillow at the scene of the crime .
"still being held in connection with the death are amanda knox , , kercher s american roommate and raffaele sollecito , , knox s italian boyfriend ."
"moscow , russia cnn a doomsday cult leader whose followers are barricaded inside a cave in southern russia will be taken to the site in an attempt to secure the release of several children , according to a government official ."
"the cult members including four children as young as months retreated last month to the hideout in the penza region , about kilometers miles southeast of moscow , threatening to blow themselves up if the authorities tried to intervene ."
"self declared prophet pyotr kuznetsov , who was not with his followers , is now in a psychiatric hospital but will be taken to the site wednesday to seek the release of the children , yevgeny guseynov , a regional government official , told the associated press ."
"russian orthodox monks and priests have already tried to contact the cult members who are reported to be mostly women , but members refused to speak to them , ap reported ."
"true russian orthodox church , say they will ignite gasoline canisters if authorities try to force them out , guseynov told cnn ."
he said officials would also try to find experienced negotiators .
"there is no talk whatsoever of any sort of storming the site , he said ."
"the cult excavated the cave system themselves after kuznetsov told his followers to hide themselves away to await the end of the world , which he predicted will take place next may , according to russian media reports ."
"although the cult members have been exchanging letters with kuznetsov , they are mistrustful of his intervention because they believe he is acting under the influence of the russian government , guseynov said ."
kuznetsov was charged thursday with setting up a religious organization associated with violence .
"i ve met the man , and he s definitely mentally sick , big time , guseynov told cnn ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn at least seven people were killed in and around the iraqi capital tuesday , including two coalition service members and the director of the iraq geological survey ."
the deaths came as the united states and iran agreed to hold new talks on security in war ravaged iraq .
"the two coalition service members were killed and were hurt in a helicopter crash southeast of baghdad , according to multi national force iraq ."
"initial reports indicated the crash was not the result of enemy fire , the military said ."
"earlier , moussa jaafar , the survey director , was in a car driving through a shiite neighborhood in northwestern baghdad when gunmen opened fire on his car , an interior ministry official said ."
"jaafar and another passenger were killed , and the driver was wounded , the ministry official said ."
"another person was killed in a roadside bombing in a shiite neighborhood in southwestern baghdad . the blast also injured six people , the official said ."
"a separate roadside bombing , in a shiite neighborhood on the eastern side of the city , left three people wounded , the official said ."
"ending such violence will be the focus of the new round of talks between the u . s . and iran , though a date has not yet been set for the session , said u . s . embassy spokesman philip reeker ."
"iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki said it will occur in the near future , according to the state run islamic republic news agency ."
the talks follow three previous meetings between u . s . and iranian officials in baghdad .
the u . s . dollar fell to an all time low against the nation euro tuesday as traders awaited housing data from washington .
"in morning european trading the euro bought . , up from . late monday in new york ."
"the british pound rose to . from . in new york , while the dollar rose to purchase . japanese yen from . ."
"the euro and the pound have been climbing steadily against the dollar since august amid fears for the health of the u . s . economy , stoked by the subprime credit crisis ."
"newark , new jersey cnn security screeners at the newark airport could almost open a department store with all the banned items"
"nine bottles of wine , three sets of kitchen knives , a replica antique gun , pool cues , golf clubs and baseball bats ."
a two headed snake newark human eyeballs floating in liquid for medical purposes o hare airport in chicago and a collection of hermit crabs carried by a family returning from the gulf of mexico san antonio .
"lara uselding , a spokeswoman for the transportation security administration , said airlines can accept some unusual items with advance planning , as long as they are not prohibited by the tsa ."
"that was the case with the snake , which was going through newark to appear on live with regis and kelly with a zoo curator . it was eventually checked ."
"but other prohibited items must either be placed in checked baggage , given to someone not traveling or left in a car ."
some airports offer paid services to mail objects home .
"belongings that are voluntarily surrendered become property of the federal government , which discards all food and liquids ."
"this year , screeners have intercepted more than , prohibited items at newark ."
screeners were criticized last week after a government report revealed that investigators had been able to smuggle liquid explosives and detonators past airport security .
many passengers forget about the rules in their effort to avoid checking baggage .
security screening tips
arrive early
"put any loose metal items , like coins , in a carry on bag"
pack carry on bags as neatly as possible and layer items .
"for example , a layer of clothes , then a layer of electronics , then a layer of toiletries"
"put large electronics , like laptops , in a separate bin"
wear shoes and clothing that are easy to remove before passing through the metal detector
"make sure liquids are in bottles containing no more than ounces each , and put the bottles in a single quart sized clear plastic bag ."
the liquid restriction applies only to carry on bags .
pack larger quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .
"travelers not familiar with the rules should place all liquids , gels and aerosols in checked baggage"
do not travel with wrapped packages .
a security officer may need to unwrap and inspect them .
"if traveling with gifts , wrap them after reaching your destination"
"london , england cnn britain s tax and customs service lost banking and personal data of million people nearly half the country s population when two computer disks disappeared in an internal mail service , the treasury chief said tuesday ."
"paul gray , the revenue and customs chairman , has resigned over the error , which happened when officials sent the disks to a government audit office ."
treasury chief alistair darling said the delivery was not being tracked and was missing for three weeks before any alarm was raised .
the disks contained details on . million families in britain claiming child benefit a tax free monthly payment available to everyone with children .
"the figure represents almost half the families in britain , and the majority of the country s children ."
britain s population is about million .
"the information on the disks included the names of parents and children , their addresses , dates of birth , national insurance numbers and banking details ."
"i regard this as an extremely serious failure , darling told lawmakers in the house of commons ."
he insisted there was no evidence the data had fallen into the hand of criminals and said police were involved in the hunt for the missing disks .
major asian markets recovered from an early swoon tuesday with investors in japan leading an afternoon turnaround by snapping up stocks that had been battered in recent weeks .
"but smaller bourses in australia , malaysia and the philippines sank amid lingering concerns about u . s . housing and banking woes and their broader impact on the u . s . economy , a key export market for asia ."
"but by afternoon trading , even jittery investors in japan were beginning to feel the market had overcompensated , says tomochika kitaoka , equity strategist at mizuho securities co . in tokyo ."
"since the start of november , japan s benchmark nikkei index had dropped more than percent through monday to its lowest since july ."
"by day s end , the nikkei index , which fell as much as . percent earlier , rose . percent to finish at , . points ."
"tokyo s recovery heartened investors in hong kong , where the hang seng index , down as much as . percent , climbed . percent to , . ."
"in mainland china , the benchmark shanghai composite index gained . percent to , . , while singapore s benchmark index bounced back . percent ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn elections for pakistan s national assembly and its four provincial assemblies have been scheduled for january , and thousands of people jailed under emergency rule reportedly have been released , officials said tuesday ."
"opposition parties , including those of former prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif , have indicated they would boycott elections so long as the emergency declaration and suspension of the constitution remained in place ."
"opposition party leader and former cricket star imran khan launched a hunger strike in jail , saying he would keep it up until the supreme court justices sacked last month by pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , were reinstalled ."
khan was jailed last week after escaping house arrest .
"in karachi , police tuesday cracked down on journalists protesting media curbs under the emergency declaration , according to witnesses and police sources ."
"more than were arrested , and several were badly beaten up by the baton wielding police including two journalists who were in critical condition the witnesses and sources said ."
"a spokesman for pakistan s interior ministry announced tuesday that nearly all of the estimated , opposition politicians , lawyers , human rights activists and journalists arrested in the wake of the order will be released ."
"kansas city , missouri cnn the father of two children whose remains were found in a shallow grave more than three years after they disappeared confessed publicly and was charged tuesday in their shootings ."
"porter , already is serving a year prison term for kidnapping his son , sam , , and daughter , lindsey , , to terrorize their mother ."
he was charged tuesday with two counts of first degree murder .
"speaking to reporters after a brief court appearance , porter admitted he killed his children , apologized and said he thinks about them all the time ."
"i can t get them out of my mind , he said as he was escorted from the courtroom to a sheriff s van ."
the children s bones were found
in september in a wooded area near the missouri river in nearby sugar creek and were identified using dental records .
the children had been missing since porter picked them up at their mother s house for a weekend visit in the summer of .
porter offered no explanation for shooting his son and daughter .
"according to the probable cause statement filed with the charges , porter told investigators that he had planned to kill his children for at least a day before he picked them up from his estranged wife , tina porter"
the couple have since divorced .
"jackson county prosecutor jim kanatzar said before the hearing that the children were killed with a handgun , but he did not provide additional details ."
he said he would decide within the next month whether to seek the death penalty .
"during tuesday s hearing , a judge read the charges and not guilty pleas were entered for porter , who appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , shackled at his wrists and ankles ."
laboratory teams on two continents report success in a pair of landmark papers released tuesday .
"it s a neck and neck finish to a race that made headlines five months ago , when scientists announced that the feat had been accomplished in mice ."
"the direct reprogramming technique avoids the swarm of ethical , political and practical obstacles that have stymied attempts to produce human stem cells by cloning embryos ."
"scientists familiar with the work said scientific questions remain and that it s still important to pursue the cloning strategy , but that the new work is a major coup ."
"this work represents a tremendous scientific milestone the biological equivalent of the wright brothers first airplane , said dr . robert lanza , chief science officer of advanced cell technology , which has been trying to extract stem cells from cloned human embryos ."
"the white house lauded the papers , saying such research is what president bush was advocating when he twice vetoed legislation to pave the way for taxpayer funded embryo research ."
"at this point , the technique requires disrupting the dna of the skin cells , which creates the potential for developing cancer ."
"creating transplant tissue that in theory could be used to treat diseases like diabetes , parkinson s , and spinal cord injury ."
"but the dna disruption is just a byproduct of the technique , and experts said they believe it can be avoided ."
"palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will travel to annapolis , maryland , next week where they hope to jump start the long dormant mideast peace process ."
"few details have been given about the summit , and a state department spokesman said he was not ready to say who had been invited ."
"several media reports this week said the united states was trying to garner the support and attendance of arab nations , which are considered critical to any peace talks ."
"invitations will be sent to dozens of countries and organizations and more than people are expected to attend , spokesman sean mccormack said ."
"mccormack would not discuss the date for the meeting or its agenda , but abbas aide nabil abu rudeineh said the summit will begin november ."
events in washington are expected before and after the summit .
"condoleezza rice spoke on the telephone with israeli and palestinian officials tuesday , mccormack said ."
"both sides were working on a statement of principles before the summit and on what happens after annapolis . that document has not materialized , mccormack said ."
"the annapolis summit , he said , should be viewed as a beginning of a negotiation that the united states hopes will result in israel existing alongside a palestinian state ."
"on monday , as olmert prepared to meet with abbas in jerusalem , the israeli cabinet voted to release palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture toward abbas ."
"the striking civil servants who include teachers , hospital workers , tax collectors , customs officials and post office staff planned a march tuesday afternoon in paris and other parts of the country ."
"the one day civil servants strike was not expected to cripple those services , however ."
"the teachers union said about half its members would still be in the classrooms , so classes would be combined to make up for the teacher absences ."
"the streets of paris were already filled with traffic and pedestrians as commuters , unable to take the trains , resorted to other means to get to work ."
a dwindling number of transport workers were supporting the open ended walkout .
"still , the small number of striking workers was able to disrupt services because it represented train drivers , conductors , and others crucial to the operation of the lines ."
"the french finance minister said monday the strikes were costing the economy an estimated million million a day . it s a real worry for the french economy , christine lagarde said ."
"five days after cyclone sidr struck bangladesh , an overwhelming stench filled the air tuesday as rotting bodies and animal carcasses floated in pools of stagnant water around the coastal city of patharghata ."
"villagers complained about lack of government help and suggested the official death toll estimates were far lower than the reality they see , according to cnn s cal perry who arrived there tuesday ."
"the bangladesh red crescent chairman has said the death toll could reach , ."
"the last official death toll from cyclone sidr , one of the worst storms to strike the impoverished country in recent years , issued monday was , , but many areas of the south asian nation remained unreached by relief workers ."
"gen . ahmad made his estimate tuesday as he visited a food distribution site on a small island off southern bangladesh that was swamped by the storm , destroying percent of the homes and the whole rice harvest , cnn s dan rivers reported ."
"most of the residents of the tiny island were evacuated to inland shelters ahead of the storm , keeping the number of deaths there to a minimum , gen . ahmad said ."
where is the government ? the farmer asked .
"in areas where the official government estimate listed just hundreds dead , villagers told perry there were in fact thousands with many bodies still unrecovered ."
new york cnn broadway producers canceled shows through the thanksgiving holiday weekend after the sunday night collapse of talks aimed at ending a nine day long strike by stagehands .
"a source close to the talks blamed a split inside the local union for the stalled talks , according to a theater columnist ."
"we are profoundly disappointed to have to tell you that talks broke off tonight , and that no further negotiations are scheduled , said charlotte st . martin , executive director of the league of american theatres and producers , in a written statement ."
local of the international alliance of theatrical stage employees said producers walked out of the weekend negotiations late sunday after telling the stagehand representatives that what the union had offered was simply not enough .
"new york post theater columnist michael riedel said his sources close to the talks told him national negotiators were close to reaching a deal , but local union leaders objected ."
"the local guys , the guys who belong to the union that represent the broadway stagehands , their leadership rebelled against that deal , and i m hearing that there s a split in the union , riedel told cnn radio ."
riedel said broadway shows raked in million during last year s thanksgiving week .
the strike has silenced and darkened broadway stages since it began november .
"the producers statement sunday evening said the decision to extend the show cancellations through november was out of respect for our public and our loyal theatergoers , many of whom are traveling from around the world ."
"we presented a comprehensive proposal that responded to the union s concerns about loss of jobs and earnings and attempted to address our need for some flexibilities in running our business , st . martin said ."
the union rejected our effort to compromise and continues to require us to hire more people than we need .
"the union represents , property persons , stage and studio electricians , set carpenters , sound designers , audio technicians , moving light operators , riggers and special effects people in new york ."
both sides agreed to hold marathon weekend talks in an effort to restart the shows for thanksgiving .
"earlier talks ended on november , just before the union walked out on strike ."
the italian football league has closed a section of atalanta s stadium for four months after rioting by fans two weeks ago .
"a group of atalanta supporters , who sit in the curva nord or north bend of the atleti azzurri d italia stadium , attempted to smash through a barrier and force their way onto the field at the start of a serie a match against ac milan on november ."
"perhaps i didn t expect such a strong sanction but given that this incident has been seen all over the world , we can t close our eyes ."
the crowd rioted on the same day that a policeman fatally shot a lazio fan at a highway rest stop .
italian politicians later threatened to suspend all domestic fixtures in the wake of the violence .
"the policeman , named as luigi spaccarotella , has been charged with murder ."
"narita , japan cnn japan started fingerprinting and photographing arriving foreigners tuesday in a crackdown on terrorists , despite complaints that the measures unfairly target non japanese ."
"nearly all foreigners age or over , including longtime residents , will be scanned ."
"the only exceptions are diplomats , government guests and permanent residents such as koreans who have lived in japan for generations ."
"tokyo has staunchly backed the u . s . led attacks on iraq and afghanistan , raising fears japan could be targeted by terrorists ."
"officials said the new security measures , while inconvenient for visitors , were necessary ."
"there are people who change their names , use wrongly obtained passports , and pretend to be other people , said toshihiro higaki , an immigration official at narita international airport near tokyo . the measure also works as a deterrent ."
the fingerprints and photos will be checked for matches on terrorist watch lists and files on foreigners with criminal records in japan .
people matching the data will be denied entry and deported .
"japan is the second country after the united states to implement such a system , said immigration bureau official takumi sato ."
he said there had been no reports of trouble since the checks began tuesday morning .
"critics , however , said the measures discriminate against foreigners and violate their privacy ."
a group of nearly civic groups from around the world delivered a letter of protest monday to justice minister kunio hatoyama .
"we believe that your plans . . . are a gross and disproportionate infringement upon civil liberties , copying the most ineffective , costly and risky practices on border management from around the world , the letter said ."
"immigration officials say the bureau plans to store the data for a long time , without saying how long ."
it is unclear how many people will be affected
japan had . million foreign entries in .
"concerns about extremists coming into japan spiked when reports emerged in may that lionel dumont , a french citizen with suspected links to al qaeda and a history of violent crime , repeatedly entered the country on a fake passport ."
"dumont , who was later sentenced to years in prison in france , was reportedly trying to set up a terror cell when he lived undisturbed in japan in and ."
"last month , justice minister hatoyama came under fire over his assertion that a friend of his had an acquaintance who was a member of the al qaeda terrorist group ."
"sydney , australia cnn nicholas jake barton , the great grandson of former british prime minister winston churchill , pleaded guilty tuesday to knowingly taking part in a multimillion dollar ecstasy racket ."
"barton was arrested at his sydney home in june last year during a series of raids in which police seized some , ecstasy tablets worth around million australian dollars us million . million ."
"the year old briton , who is the son of james barton and arabella spencer churchill , pleaded guilty before sydney s local court to knowingly taking part in the supply of a commercial quantity of a prohibited drug ."
the charge carries a maximum penalty of years in prison .
"phnom penh , cambodia cnn cambodia s u . n . backed genocide tribunal arrested the former khmer rouge head of state and charged him monday with crimes against humanity and war crimes , a spokesman said ."
khieu samphan was the last of five senior officials of the brutal regime to be taken in custody ahead of a long delayed genocide trial .
"police arrested khieu samphan , , at a phnom penh hospital where he had been undergoing treatment since november after a stroke ."
"officers held his arms to support him as they led him to a police car , which sped away in a heavily guarded convoy to the tribunal s offices ."
"khieu samphan later was formally charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes during his appearance before the co investigating judges , said tribunal spokesman reach sambath ."
"in a milestone , the tribunal opened its doors tuesday for its first public courtroom proceeding ."
"kaing guek eav , who headed the regime s notorious s prison and torture center , entered the tribunal for a pretrial hearing to appeal his detention ahead of trials scheduled to begin in ."
"kaing guek eav and one other suspect , former khmer rouge ideologist nuon chea , were detained earlier this year on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity ."
the u . n . assisted tribunal was created last year after seven years of contentious negotiations between the united nations and cambodia .
"khieu samphan s defense team will include french lawyer jacques verges and a veteran cambodian legal expert , the tribunal s defense support section said ."
"in an interview with the associated press in , khieu samphan said he has known verges since he was a student in france in the s , when the two were active in student movements against french colonialism and the french war in vietnam ."
"khieu samphan s cambodian lawyer is say bory , the former president of the cambodian bar association and a member of the constitutional council , the country s highest legal body . say bory currently is legal adviser to former king norodom sihanouk , the statement said ."
"after years of delays , the trial is expected to begin in ."
"most historians and researchers believe the radical policies of the khmer rouge , which sought a utopian communist state , led to the deaths of at least . million cambodians through starvation , disease , overwork and execution ."
"in reflection on cambodian history up to the era of democratic kampuchea , khieu samphan said the khmer rouge only wanted what was best for cambodia ."
"he wrote that the khmer rouge was resilient in the struggle to defend national sovereignty , and in demanding social justice ."
the genocide tribunal formally placed them in provisional detention for up to a year .
private flash radio reported monday that a year old man had died after his car fell into a flooded ditch in northern greece .
"earlier an indian immigrant drowned in megara , near athens , after he fell into a torrent ."
the area was expecting more flooding monday from the release of dam waters upstream in bulgaria .
"mudslides kept cleanup crews busy in parts of the peloponnese , while rising waters in the alphios river threatened area villages ."
"irish actor jonathan rhys meyers , star of the henry viii soap opera the tudors , has been charged with public drunkenness and breach of the peace at dublin airport , police said monday ."
"dublin airport police said they called ireland s national police force , the garda siochana , after rhys meyers refused repeated requests to calm down ."
ryan tubridy said he was surprised and sorry to hear of the actor s arrest .
"he said rhys meyers had chatted with everybody who wanted to meet him back stage , and was drinking nothing more threatening than a big mug of milky tea ."
french commuters faced a sixth day of travel headaches monday as transit unions continued a strike which was costing the national rail authority an estimated million euros million a day .
"fewer than half of the high speed tgv trains were running monday , said phillipe routier , a spokesman for the rail authority sncf ."
"roughly a third of trains to the paris suburbs and percent of national mainline corail trains were running monday , routier said ."
"labor unions called the strike last week , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform a special category of pensions ."
"the strikes are widely seen as a test of sarkozy s political will , and the government has so far stood firm in the face of the striking unions , refusing to negotiate on the central issue of retirement age ."
"iraqi soldiers detained two american security guards along with several other foreigners traveling monday in a private security convoy after they opened fire in baghdad , wounding one woman , an iraqi military spokesman said ."
"u . s . military and embassy officials had no immediate information about the report , which follows a series of recent shootings in which foreign security guards have allegedly killed iraqis ."
"those arrested included two american guards , along with people from sri lanka , nine from nepal and iraqis , al moussawi said ."
"he earlier said an italian , nine people from bangladesh and one from india were detained but later retracted that statement ."
we have given orders to our security forces to immediately intervene in case they see any violations by security companies .
"the members of this security company wounded an innocent woman and they tried to escape the scene , but iraq forces arrested them , al moussawi told the associated press ."
the role of private security guards has become controversial since a september shooting in which blackwater guards allegedly killed iraqi civilians .
"sydney , australia cnn nicole kidman told a courtroom monday how she was reduced to tears and feared a car accident after a celebrity photographer pursued her two years ago ."
"kidman , who wore a gray knee length skirt , cream colored blouse and pale pink cardigan and had her long , curly hair drawn up in a loose bun , appeared calm and composed during the session in the new south wales state supreme court ."
kidman described hunkering down in the car s back seat leaning over in her chair in the witness stand to demonstrate to try to avoid being spotted by photographer jamie fawcett .
"she said the trip quickly turned into a hair raising chase as a vehicle carrying fawcett and another vehicle , believed to contain his assistant , lurched through traffic around kidman s car ."
"i was frightened and i was worried there was going to be an accident , kidman said ."
"kidman said she was really , really scared during the car ride and that she was in tears and distressed by the time she reached her parents house ."
"fawcett , a well known celebrity photographer in sydney , is suing the sun herald newspaper for defamation over an article that said he was sydney s most disliked freelance photographer and was determined to wreak"
"kidman described two other times that fawcett had allegedly been intrusive when trying to photograph her once while she was on her honeymoon with country music star keith urban in tahiti in mid , and once after christmas in sydney last year ."
she said he was one of the reasons she employed full time security guards .
"i have been pursued many times , kidman said . i have had this happen in relation to this particular man . . . so many times ."
"i employ people hours to protect myself because i don t feel equipped to handle things , she said ."
"moscow , russia cnn priests have tried unsuccessfully to persuade members of a doomsday cult to leave a cave in southern russia where they remain barricaded inside despite the intervention of their leader ."
"the cult members including four children holed themselves up in a ravine in the penza region , about kilometers miles southeast of moscow , earlier this month , threatening mass suicide if the authorities try to intervene , a government official said ."
"priests went again sunday , but the followers refused to listen to their arguments , a security official added ."
"the members of the cult , which calls itself the true russian orthodox church , say they will ignite gasoline canisters if authorities try to force them out , regional administration spokesman yevgeny guseynov told cnn ."
guseynov said officials would try to find experienced negotiators .
"there is no talk whatsoever of any sort of storming the site , he said ."
"with efforts to persuade the cult members to leave the cave so far proving futile , authorities have enlisted the year old leader to try to get them out ."
"although the cult members are exchanging letters with kuznetsov , they are mistrustful of his intervention because they believe he is acting under the influence of the russian government , guseynov said ."
"the cave dwellers are also refusing to speak to russian orthodox priests brought in to negotiate , he said ."
"a trained engineer , kuznetsov did not let his followers watch television , listen to the radio or handle money , according to russian media reports ."
"the cult members have gathered enough food supplies to last until spring , according to the agency ."
"of nikolskoye incorporating teams of local police , officers from the russian ministry for emergency situations and medical staff ."
guseinov said specially trained negotiators have arrived on the scene to talk with the cult members .
"the negotiators are trying to persuade them to accept food , medicine and hot water to bathe the children , he said ."
"the pakistani supreme court , packed with judges appointed in recent days by president pervez musharraf , dismissed five major petitions against him monday contesting the validity of his re election , the nation s attorney general said ."
the move brings musharraf closer to taking the oath of office for a new term as president .
pro democracy activists have said the new supreme court s decisions have no validity .
"hours after declaring a state of emergency on nov . , musharraf dismissed nearly all of supreme court judges , along with suspending the constitution , imposing severe media restrictions , and clamping down on opposition protests that followed ."
u . s . president george w . bush and other international leaders have called on him to restore democracy in pakistan by ending the
u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte said sunday that he had expressed to musharraf the united states displeasure with pakistan s emergency rule and urged him to lift the order and release all political detainees ahead of elections .
"survivors of a storm that killed more than , people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive ."
"the number of dead killed from cyclone sidr now at , is expected to rise yet further as the south asian nation continues to assess the damage ."
"the bangladesh red crescent fears the death toll could be , perhaps even reaching as high as , ."
"on the way to a shelter , mridha lost contact with his wife , mother and two children ."
the next morning he found their bodies .
"the category cyclone raked bangladesh s southwest coast on thursday with maximum sustained winds of km h mph , destroying fishermen s hamlets and villages ."
"thousands are still missing , while an estimated , others are unable to return to their homes which were wiped out by the storm ."
"most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron , and had no chance of withstanding the storm s powerful winds ."
cnn a saudi arabian human rights attorney is asking the government to allow him to represent a woman who was gang raped and then sentenced to prison for speaking out about the case .
"the attorney , abdulrahman al lahim , had his license revoked last week by a judge for speaking to the saudi controlled media about the case , al lahim told cnn ."
"the judge more than doubled the sentence against al lahim s year old client because she spoke to the media about the case , a court source told arab news , an english language middle eastern daily newspaper ."
the woman who was initially sentenced in october to lashes had her sentenced increased to lashes and was ordered to serve six months in prison under saudi arabia s strict islamic law .
"al lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al lahim said ."
the case has sparked outrage among human rights groups .
human rights watch said it has called on saudi arabia s king abdullah to immediely void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer .
"the woman , who is married , and an unrelated man were abducted and she was raped by a group of seven men more than a year ago , the lawyer said ."
"the male victim was also given an increased sentence of lashes and six months in prison , al lahim said ."
"the man and woman were attacked after they met so she could retrieve an old photograph of herself from him , according to al lahim ."
"citing phone records from the police investigation , al lahim said the man was trying to blackmail his client ."
al lahim said the man tried to blame his client for insisting on meeting him that day .
it is illegal for a woman to meet with an unrelated male under saudi s islamic law .
"hong kong , china cnn pro beijing candidates delivered a crushing blow to hong kong s pro democracy camp , sweeping up nearly a third of the district council seats up for grabs , according to election results monday ."
"although district councilors have little real power , the election had been seen as a litmus test of the public s appetite for democratic reform amid an economic upturn , and the democrats popularity ahead of more important legislative polls next year ."
"the beijing backed democratic alliance for the betterment and progress of hong kong won out of seats , nearly double the seats it won in the last elections ."
"the main opposition democratic party secured , or slightly more than half the number of candidates it fielded ."
juan manuel vargas scored in the th minute to help peru tie five time world cup champion brazil on sunday at monumental stadium in south american qualifying for the world cup .
kaka opened the scoring in the th minute for brazil with a clear shot past peru goalkeeper diego penny .
"brazil was sluggish and missed several chances to score , despite the return of ronaldinho from an ankle injury ."
"peru , which tied paraguay and was shut out by chile in its first two world cup qualifying matches last month , hasn t qualified for a world cup since ."
brazil is tied with colombia for third place in the region with five points .
"on wednesday , brazil will face uruguay in sao paulo , and peru will play ecuador in quito ."
"riyadh , saudi arabia cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said sunday that opec s members have expressed interest in converting their cash reserves into a currency other than the depreciating u . s . dollar , which he called a worthless piece of paper ."
"the hardline iranian leader s comments also highlighted the growing challenge that saudi arabia , the world s largest oil producer , faces from iran and its ally venezuela within the organization of petroleum exporting countries opec ."
"they get our oil and give us a worthless piece of paper , ahmadinejad told reporters after the close of the summit in the saudi capital of riyadh . he blamed u . s . president george w . bush s policies for the decline of the dollar and its negative effect on other countries ."
"venezuelan president hugo chavez echoed this sentiment sunday on the sidelines of the summit , saying the empire of the dollar has to end ."
"don t you see how the dollar has been in free fall without a parachute ? chavez said , calling the euro a better option ."
"iran and venezuela have proposed trading oil in a basket of currencies to replace the historic link to the dollar , but they had not been able to generate support from enough fellow opec members many of whom , including saudi arabia , are staunch u . s . allies ."
"during chavez s opening address to the summit on saturday , the venezuelan leader said opec should assert itself as an active political agent . but abdullah appeared to distance himself from chavez s comments , saying opec always acted moderately and wisely ."
"but by sunday , it appeared that saudi arabia had compromised ."
iran s oil minister went a step further and said opec will form a committee to study the dollar s affect on oil prices and investigate the possibility of a currency basket .
iraqi oil minister hussein al shahristani said the committee would submit to opec its recommendation on a basket of currencies that opec members will deal with .
"abdullah tried to take the focus off the dollar debate , announcing the donation of million to set up a program to study the effect of the oil industry on the environment ."
"kuwait , qatar and the united arab emirates also agreed to donate million each to the fund , prince saud al faisal , saudi arabia s foreign minister , said sunday ."
the run up to the meeting was dominated by speculation over whether opec would raise production following recent oil price increases that have approached .
"but cartel officials have resisted pressure to increase oil production and said they will hold off any decision until the group meets next month in abu dhabi , united arab emirates ."
"then butchers at this japanese fishing village went to work , turning a motorized winch to haul the beast ashore ."
"finally , the meat was chopped into brick sized blocks , weighed and priced for townsfolk who lined up for their purchases ."
"coastal people have been eating whale for years and we have a right to decide what we eat , declared yoshinori shoji , head of the gaibo hogei whaling company , based in wada , a two hour drive east of tokyo ."
"these days , that tradition is much harder to maintain ."
"even though the international moratorium on commercial whaling applies more to the high seas than to japanese coastal outfits , it has severely cut supply , driving prices higher and speeding the meat s plunge in popularity ."
"the ban also restricts the types of smaller whales that can be hunted , such as a former favorite of the coastal operations the minke ."
small time whalers now commercially hunt only whales that are not regulated internationally .
japan s coastal whalers also suffer from a global pr problem .
"amid an active anti whaling movement , many people in europe , the united states , australia and new zealand consider killing whales an environmental and moral crime , and grisly scenes such as the ones in wada reinforce the image of whaling as barbaric ."
"phnom penh , cambodia cnn khieu samphan , the former khmer rouge head of state , was arrested monday by a u . n . backed genocide tribunal after being taken from a hospital where he was being treated following a stroke , officials said ."
"police escorted khieu samphan from a phnom penh hospital , where he had been admitted wednesday ."
"they held his arms for support and led him to a police car , which sped away in a convoy of a half dozen police vehicles ."
"khieu samphan , the former head of state of democratic kampuchea was arrested , said tribunal spokesman reach sambath , referring to the official name of cambodia during the khmer rouge regime ."
"twenty seven miners were rescued monday less than five hours after a landslide trapped them deep below ground in a gold mine west of melbourne , australia , police said ."
"when a landslide blocked the mine s main entrance , one of the trapped men , using his personal cell phone , called australia s equivalent to from about half a mile one kilometer under ground ."
"he told authorities that none of the miners was seriously hurt , said sgt . carla coslovich , a spokeswoman for victoria s state police ."
"the men were extracted via a caged bucket that was lowered from a crane through a ventilation shaft into the mine , she said ."
"it s amazing that they were able to establish contact from so far below ground , she said , adding that the contact was minimal ."
german police announced sunday they stopped two teenagers from carrying out a rampage at their cologne high school and that one of the students committed suicide after being confronted .
"the attack was planned for tuesday , police said , and may have been intended to coincide with the anniversary of a school shooting last year in germany ."
"one of the suspects , age , committed suicide friday after police and a high school teacher confronted him about his web page , which featured material glorifying the columbine shootings , jurgen laggies , a spokesman for cologne police told cnn ."
"the web page contained photographs of the u . s . school shooting and links to web pages celebrating the massacre , laggies said ."
"german news outlets reported he died after intentionally stepping in front of a tram in cologne , germany ."
"in , two students killed people at columbine high school , in littleton , colorado , before both committing suicide ."
"after cologne police were alerted to the plot to attack the georg buechner gymnasium in the western district of junkirdors , they confiscated two crossbows , two air guns and a list of intended victims , laggies said ."
"police also uncovered instructions in the students papers on how to build a pipe bomb , though there was no evidence of an actual bomb , he said ."
"a roadside bomb killed three iraqi children and injured seven as they gathered around american troops handing out toys on sunday , police and government officials told cnn ."
"other insurgent attacks on sunday hit a government security convoy and an iraqi military academy , officials said ."
"another roadside bomb wounded three iraqi civilians when it struck their car in northern baghdad s kasra neighborhood sunday morning , the official said ."
"the u . s . military also destroyed a vehicle loaded with mortar launchers parked in northeastern baghdad s qahira neighborhood , minutes after five mortar rounds landed on a joint iraqi american security station sunday morning , the official said . there was no word on casualties ."
"the party of a former kosovo albanian guerrilla leader who has promised to make kosovo independent from serbia is heading for victory in the country s elections , according to unofficial results ."
"with nearly two thirds of the votes counted , hashim thaci s democratic party is leading with percent , according to results on the web site of the pro democracy group democracy , which is monitoring the election ."
the democratic party s share of the vote means it will most likely have to form a coalition government .
"thaci , an ex leader of the kosovo liberation army who was accused of acts of terrorism and was forced into hiding by former serb leader slobodan milosevic , said his first priority when he takes office will be to declare formal independence from serbia , reports in the serbian media said ."
"ethnic albanians make up the majority of the population in kosovo , which remains a province of serbia ."
the united nations has given albanians and serbs until december to reach a deal on the future running of the province .
"an accidental explosion and fire on a natural gas pipeline in eastern saudi arabia on sunday killed people and left missing , saudi officials said ."
"an unspecified number were wounded in the blaze , which did not disrupt gas supplies , oil minister ali al naimi told reporters during a summit of the organization of petroleum exporting countries in riyadh ."
national oil company saudi aramco said the fire broke out just after midnight while contract workers were linking a new pipe to the line during maintenance work .
"aramco is the world s largest oil producer , located on the country s east coast ."
"its hawiyah plant produces , barrels a day of ethane and liquefied natural gas ."
"the company is taking all necessary measures to guarantee the continuation of the normal gas output , the company said ."
the fire occurred about miles from the hawiyah plant .
"five aramco employees were among the who were killed , said the company , which did not provide information about the other workers ."
a saudi adviser to saudi arabia s oil ministry said there was no link between the explosion and the opec summit .
"this is purely maintenance related , the adviser said , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue ."
"bangladesh s death toll from cyclone sidr has reached an estimated , people , officials said sunday , amid fears that it could skyrocket to five times that number ."
"the chairman of the bangladesh red crescent society said he is concerned the deaths blamed on thursday s category cyclone could reach between , and , ."
"thousands are missing , while an estimated , others are unable to return to their homes that the storm wiped away in the impoverished south asian nation ."
"bangladeshi president iajuddin ahmed helped distribute aid to survivors sunday , but hundreds went empty handed as security officials struggled to hold back the angry crowd ."
the storm raked bangladesh s southwest coast with maximum sustained winds of mph kph .
most houses in the region made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron stood little chance of withstanding the the powerful winds .
"a relative helped to steady the girl s mother , khadija , who was overwhelmed with sadness ."
"i have lost my daughter , so i am a victim of the cyclone as well ."
"the storm damaged area is crisscrossed by a huge river delta that surged as sidr pushed through , wiping out villages and littering the river s shores with debris ."
"sao paulo , brazil cnn an foot whale that entered the amazon river and swam about , miles upstream has been trapped for a second time on a sandbar , brazilian news media reported sunday ."
"local residents spotted the minke whale a few miles from where it was freed on friday near santarem , a city in the amazon rain forest , the jornal do brasil reported ."
brazil s environmental protection agency had called off its search for the whale late friday after losing track of the mammal in the tapajos river .
the whale ran aground for the first time wednesday in brazil .
"the globo television network broadcast images of dozens of people gathered along the river splashing water on the animal , whose back and dorsal fin were out of water and exposed to the hot amazon sun ."
the minke whale is the second smallest of the baleen whales after the pygmy right whale .
"the international whaling commission scientific committee estimates there are about , minke whales in the central and northeast atlantic ocean ."
"cnn a court in saudi arabia increased the punishment for a gang rape victim after her lawyer won an appeal of the sentence for the rapists , the lawyer told cnn ."
"the year old victim was sentenced last year to lashes for meeting with an unrelated male , a former friend from whom she was retrieving photographs ."
"the seven rapists , who abducted the pair and raped both , received sentences ranging from months to five years in prison ."
"however , we were shocked that they also changed the victim s sentence to be six months in prison and lashes ."
"the judges more than doubled the punishment for the victim because of her attempt to aggravate and influence the judiciary through the media , according to a source quoted by arab news , an english language middle eastern daily newspaper ."
"judge saad al muhanna from the qatif general court also barred al lahim from defending his client and revoked his law license , al lahim said ."
the attorney has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing at the ministry of justice next month .
al lahim said he is appealing the decision to bar him from representing the victim and has a meeting with justice minister abdullah bin muhammad bin ibrahim al sheikh on monday .
"currently she doesn t have a lawyer , and i feel they re doing this to isolate her and deprive her from her basic rights , al lahim said ."
we will not accept this judgment and i ll do my best to continue representing her because justice needs to take place .
"al lahim said he wanted the justice ministry to take a very clear standing on the case , saying the decision is judicial mutiny against reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions ."
"women are subject to numerous restrictions in saudi arabia , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and the need for a man s permission to travel or have surgery ."
"women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote ."
"the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women s rights , and creation of a human rights commission ."
"donetsk , ukraine cnn a methane blast ripped through a coal mine in eastern ukraine early sunday , killing at least miners in the ex soviet nation s worst mining accident in years , emergency officials said ."
"more than miners were rescued but others remained trapped inside the mine one of ukraine s largest and deepest with a raging fire hampering efforts to save them , officials said ."
"the explosion occurred around a . m . . p . m . saturday et more than , feet deep inside the zasyadko mine in the regional capital donetsk , the heart of the country s coal mining industry , the emergency situations ministry said ."
"twenty eight were hospitalized , the ministry said ."
the accident the worst in ukraine in seven years highlighted the lack of attention to safety in a country with some of the world s most dangerous mines .
president viktor yushchenko blamed his cabinet for not doing enough to reform coal mining and ordered an official panel to investigate the accident and bring those responsible to account .
local authorities declared three days of mourning for the dead miners .
dozens of teary eyed relatives gathered at the mine s headquarters in donetsk waiting for news on their loved ones .
"as grim faced officials emerged to announce the names of the workers found dead , the relatives broke into sobs and cries , some fainted ."
it was the deadliest mine accident in ukraine since an explosion at the barakova mine in the eastern luhansk region killed miners in march .
"prime minister viktor yanukovych , a native of the mining region , visited the site about miles southeast of kiev , pledging to help victims families ."
"this accident has proven once again that a human is powerless before the nature , he said ."
"experts say ukraine s mines are dangerous largely because they are so deep , typically running more than , feet underground . in comparison , most european coal beds lie at a depth of , to , feet ."
"methane is a natural byproduct of mining , and its concentration increases with depth ."
more than percent of ukraine s some coal mines are classified as dangerous due to high methane concentrations .
safety violations and negligence add to the problem .
michael owen s first half injury overshadowed england s victory over austria in a friendly international in vienna .
the newcastle striker was withdrawn after minutes with a thigh strain and is out of wednesday s final euro qualifier with croatia at wembley .
"his absence , along with that of wayne rooney , is a major setback for coach steve mcclaren ."
"peter crouch headed the only goal a minute before half time from a corner by david beckham , who lasted minutes of his comeback appearance from a knee injury ."
owen s exit heralded the introduction of jermain defoe for one of his rare appearances and the tottenham man must now have a good chance of starting next week .
"in his familiar right wing position , beckham looked off the pace and was replaced in the second half by aston villa winger ashley young for his england debut ."
"low lying areas of bangladesh could face more flooding this weekend as a tropical cyclone that has killed hundreds heads inland , a forecaster said friday ."
local officials said at least people were killed .
"but a united news of bangladesh report put the death toll at at least , ."
"the storm is moving northeast , according to the joint typhoon warning center ."
"forecasters predicted dry , clear weather with no wind in bangladesh for the next two days , good news for search and rescue teams looking for casualties ."
"lindsay lohan was a jailbird for just minutes thursday , becoming the latest celebrity to serve less than a day for a drunken driving offense ."
"lohan , , turned herself in to the los angeles county women s detention center in lynwood at a . m ."
"she was searched , fingerprinted and placed in a holding cell in the inmate reception area but got to keep her street clothes , sheriff s spokesman steve whitmore said ."
"she was cooperative , he said ."
lohan was released at a . m .
"her original daylong sentence was reduced because she met criteria that took into account overcrowding at the lockup and the fact that her crime was nonviolent , whitmore said ."
"in fact , to women are granted early releases from the facility every day , he added . an e mailed message seeking comment from lohan s publicist was not immediately returned ."
"in may , the star of mean girls and freaky friday was arrested after crashing her mercedes benz into a tree in beverly hills ."
"the chase ended in santa monica , where police arrested lohan for being behind the wheel . in both cases , lohan was found in possession of small amounts of cocaine ."
"north and south korea agreed friday to launch cross border rail service for the first time in more than half a century , the latest sign of improving relations between the two sides ."
the rail s december opening will also mark one of the first tangible results of a summit last month between south korean president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il in pyongyang .
"friday s agreement , reached after the first talks between the countries prime ministers since , also calls for the south to start building shipyards in north korea and repairing a major highway and a railroad in the impoverished country next year ."
"this agreement demonstrates both sides commitment to carry out the summit declaration , south korean unification minister lee jae joung said at the end of the three days of talks in seoul ."
the north also agreed friday to allow south koreans to use the internet and mobile phones inside the kaesong area .
"police in lahore lifted the house arrest against opposition leader benazir bhutto friday , allowing the former prime minister to go free for the first time since tuesday ."
the move came hours before pakistani president pervez musharraf s hand picked caretaker government was to be sworn in .
bhutto has called on musharraf to step down and said negotiations between her pakistan people s party ppp and him have hit a dead end .
her remarks came tuesday after pakistani police surrounded the house where she is staying to prevent her from leading a lahore to islamabad march .
her supporters were also arrested .
"bhutto has entered into talks with her successor and rival , former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif , on forming an alliance against musharraf ."
sharif himself is exiled from pakistan after musharraf ousted him in a bloodless coup in .
u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte is scheduled to arrive in pakistan on friday for weekend meetings with musharraf and other pakistani officials .
"negroponte will convey to musharraf how seriously the united states views his imposition of emergency rule and will suggest he rescind it , senior u . s . state department officials told cnn ."
"cnn a student found four nooses in a classroom at central michigan university earlier this week , the school said thursday ."
the student found the nooses in a section of the engineering and technology building typically used by senior engineering students .
"they were made of compressed gas lines that are typically used in laboratory work , according to a news release ."
michigan state sen . hansen clark said he met with the university president to discuss how to handle the incident .
he plans to make a statement friday on whether the university will ask federal authorities to investigate the case .
"there was no reason for the nooses to be hung like that , hansen said . the community is looking at this as a racist act ."
"students and employees at the school s mount pleasant , michigan , campus are being questioned about the incident , university police chief stan dinius was quoted as saying in the news release ."
the university police department is offering a reward for information about the nooses .
"this type of activity will not be tolerated at cmu and we realize that we have much to do to continue our mission of raising awareness and educating everyone on diversity issues , president michael rao said in a news release ."
"mount pleasant , a town of about , , is located about miles north of lansing , michigan ."
"berlin , germany cnn a three day strike by a german train drivers union halted travel across the country thursday as the workers extended the action to include passenger trains ."
"with most train services stopped on the tracks , commuters squeezed into local trams and buses or used their cars instead , leading to traffic jams ."
"deutsche bahn , which runs germany s railways , arranged extra buses to run as a replacement service ."
"the departures board at berlin s hauptbahnhof , the main train station , displayed long delays or no service at all ."
deutsche bahn said two thirds of long distance high speed trains were operating along with percent of regional services .
"the , member gdl train drivers union began the strike wednesday , demanding deutsche bahn give them a separate wage deal from the other two train unions and a pay rise of percent ."
"advance warning of the strike meant most commuters were prepared to make other travel arrangements thursday , but it appeared the labor dispute was starting to irritate the public ."
"the headline in the berlin tabloid bz read , train drivers , you re striking on our nerves !"
"a recent poll by german broadcaster zdf , however , indicated public sympathy for the train drivers , with percent of those polled saying the strike was justified ."
"thirty five percent of respondents said the stalemate was the fault of deutsche bahn , percent blamed the union , and percent assigned equal blame ."
"the strike halted production at an audi plant in brussels because two trains carrying parts from slovakia were unable to complete the trip , audi spokesman graeme lisle said ."
he said it affected production of only cars and that work at the plant would resume monday .
"economists have said if the strike lasts longer than three days , it could cost around million million a day ."
"moscow , russia cnn members of a russian doomsday cult barricaded themselves in a cave to wait out the end of the world as the cult s leader underwent psychiatric exams thursday , russian media reported ."
"the cult leader is in police custody awaiting proceedings on charges that he set up an organization whose activity is associated with violence on citizens and instigation to refuse to perform their civil duties , according to the state funded itar tass news agency ."
"four children are among cult members holed up in a ravine in russia s penza region , where they apparently dug a cave ."
"one of the children in the cave is months old , reported itar tass . temperatures in the cave are below degrees fahrenheit degrees celsius , the russian news agency reported ."
"the cult members have refused law enforcement requests to come out or release the children , and they have threatened to commit suicide if police resort to force , according to russian state television ."
"the cult , which calls itself the true russian orthodox church , believes the end of the world will come in may ."
"prosecutors announced thursday they are opening criminal proceedings against the cult s leader , father pyotr kuznetsov ."
"kuznetsov , , is under the supervision of investigators , olig troshin , a penza prosecutor , told itar tass ."
a law enforcement source in penza told the russian news agency interfax that kuznetsov is being examined by psychiatrists .
"several clergymen , police officers and agents of the russian ministry for emergency situations are outside the cave ."
a very dangerous phenomena is happening in russia s religious life .
"he added , what we re seeing in penza right now is a most vivid example of what could happen to a country , to a society , if this society is deprived of proper religious education ."
"washington cnn perhaps it was one of those eureka moments , when the scientists realized they had discovered a new dinosaur with mouth parts designed to vacuum up food ."
"the million year old plant eater , discovered in the sahara desert , was to be unveiled thursday by the national geographic society ."
"discoverer paul sereno named the elephant sized animal nigersaurus taqueti , an acknowledgment of the african country niger and a french paleontologist , philippe taquet ."
"sereno , a national geographic explorer in residence and paleontologist at the university of chicago , said the first evidence of nigersaurus was found in the s and now researchers have been able to reconstruct its skull and skeleton ."
"while nigersaurus mouth is shaped like the wide intake slot of a vacuum ,"
"it has something lacking in most cleaners hundreds of tiny , sharp teeth to grind up its food ."
the foot long nigersaurus had a feather light skull held close to the ground to graze like an ancient cow .
sereno described it as a younger cousin of the north american dinosaur diplodicus .
its broad muzzle contained more than columns of teeth lined up tightly along the front edge of its jaw .
behind each tooth more were lined up as replacements when one broke off .
"using ct scans the researchers were able study the inside of the animal s skull where the orientation of canals in the organ that helps keep balance disclosed the habitual low pose of the head , they reported ."
nigersaurus also had a backbone consisting of more air than bone .
"cnn a video showing the last moments of a polish immigrant , who died after canadian police shot him with a stun gun at vancouver international airport , has been made public ."
"robert dziekanski , , was traveling to join his mother , who lives in british columbia , when he ended up spending about hours in the airport s arrivals area , the canadian press said ."
"the video shows dziekanski , who had never flown before , becoming agitated ."
it then shows mounties purportedly shocking robert dziekanski with a taser device after confronting him . dziekanski did not speak english .
"the recording was captured by bystander paul pritchard on october and was in police hands until he threatened legal action and it was returned to him last week , the canadian press reported ."
"probably the most disturbing part is one of the officers uses his leg and his knee to pin his neck and his head to the ground , pritchard told cbc news ."
"the dead man s mother , zofia cisowski , told cbc news that tasers should not be used by police ."
"the incident is being investigated by police , canada s national police complaints commission and by the coroner , cbc news reported ."
david beckham has returned to the england side after a four game absence for friday s friendly international with austria in vienna .
the la galaxy midfielder last appeared for his country in the friendly with germany in august but has missed the previous four euro qualifiers with a knee injury .
beckham has been chosen by england coach steve mcclaren despite his recent lack of match action and will earn his th cap against austria .
"mclaren has awarded a first cap to goalkeeper scott carson , who is on loan at aston villa this season from liverpool ."
carson has created a favorable impression with martin o neill s side and has been preferred to regular goalkeeper paul robinson .
but there is disappointment for carson s villa team mate gareth barry despite his encouraging displays in the recent double header with russia and the home clash with estonia .
"the villa skipper has made way for frank lampard , who is also back in the starting line up for the first time since the germany game ."
"in total , mcclaren has made five changes from the side beaten by russia in moscow ."
"shaun wright phillips , the injured wayne rooney , the suspended rio ferdinand , barry and robinson are missing from that line up with carson , wayne bridge , beckham , lampard and peter crouch all restored ."
"an explosion destroyed a real estate office thursday in spain s northwest galicia region but no one was hurt , officials said ."
the pre dawn blast occurred in the town of cangas .
police said it had been set deliberately but the explosion did not appear to be the work of the basque separatist group eta .
the site of the blast is about meters from the town hall in cangas .
"it destroyed a real estate office in the ground floor of a building and also caused damage to nearby buildings , the interior ministry office in the regional capital a coruna said ."
bomb disposal experts from the police cordoned off the site as they searched for traces of the explosive .
more trains were running and there were fewer traffic jams thursday after the french government proposed negotiating with transport unions striking over pension reforms .
"of the long distance trains , operator tgv reported that out of were running thursday , compared to the day before ."
the paris metro subway system appeared to slowly be coming back online .
"seven labor unions went on strike late tuesday , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform pensions ."
the reforms focus on special pension plans that allow some workers mostly train drivers to retire as early as .
"but wednesday night , the government sent a letter to union heads saying it would be willing to discuss all other issues and negotiate sector by sector to arrange a return to work ."
"public support for the striking workers was low , with recent polls suggesting a majority of french backed the government s firm stance in the face of the unions ."
"cnn chilean president michelle bachelet arrived in the quake zone , announcing a state of emergency and promising aid after three powerful aftershocks rattled the region thursday , according to state owned media ."
"the aftershocks magnitudes . , . and . struck within minutes of each other and came a day after a . magnitude temblor shook northern chile , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
thousands of homes were reportedly damaged or flattened .
"bachelet declared states of emergency in tocopilla , maria elena and quillagua , the state owned television station tvn reported ."
"we are arriving with help , and we are going to continue bringing everything necessary , bachelet said in a statement on the government s web site ."
"emergency housing , mattresses and medicine are scheduled to be sent to the area , the statement said ."
"four cabinet ministers accompanied bachelet to help coordinate aid and recovery efforts , according to the associated press ."
"the government is flying materials to tocopilla to build a field hospital , said ricardo lagos weber , secretary general for the chilean government ."
"tocopilla is located about miles , kilometers north of the capital , santiago ."
"in all , weber said , tons of aid and emergency housing units were being shipped into the area ."
"a government official told ap that argentina , ecuador , spain , peru , venezuela and japan have offered aid as well ."
"the government is estimating that , structures were damaged or destroyed , leaving , people homeless , weber said ."
weber said declaring the area a disaster zone would speed the arrival of aid .
an italian policeman is to be charged with voluntary homicide in relation to the shooting incident which claimed the life of a lazio fan at the weekend .
"the policeman , named in the italian media as luigi spaccarotella , has admitted firing the shot , according to his lawyer francesco molino ."
lugi has always admitted firing the shot but in an accidental manner .
molino claimed that he had been informed that the investigating magistrate would file a formal charge of voluntary homicide against his client .
"gabriele sandri , , was shot at a motorway service station near arezzo after police had intervened in skirmishes involving rival fans ."
"we don t know the motives but whatever they are it s an unforgivable act . the gun is a last resort , even for members of the security forces unless someone has pointed a pistol at you , you cannot shoot ."
he said they clearly belonged to the occupants of the car where the dead man was .
"pakistani president pervez musharraf picked at least seven allies thursday to fill posts in the caretaker government , according to state run media ."
musharraf made the announcement as he faces increasing political pressure to step down as the nation s military leader and to end a state of emergency he declared november .
most of the leaders from pakistan s opposition parties have been jailed or placed under house arrest .
many have been charged under anti terrorism statutes .
"in karachi , police have cracked down on opposition rallies , jailing hundreds of demonstrators ."
"two boys were killed in a thursday rally held in support of opposition leader and former prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources said ."
the deaths were the first reported fatalities since musharraf s emergency order was announced . watch outrage spill into pakistan s streets wednesday raquo
"bhutto was placed under house arrest earlier this week to prevent her from leading a march from lahore to the capital , islamabad ."
"however , the house arrest was lifted thursday and hundreds of police officers outside her home were dispersing , police sources said ."
"despite promising fairness in his government appointments , musharraf has named several allies to fill interim posts"
"atop the list is senate chairman mohammad mian soomro , who was appointed prime minister , the state run associated press of pakistan reported ."
"dhaka , bangladesh cnn a powerful cyclone slammed into bangladesh on thursday night , tearing down flimsy houses , toppling trees and power poles , and forcing hundreds of thousands to flee their homes in the low lying nation ."
"tropical cyclone sidr swept in from the bay of bengal packing winds of mph kilometers per hour , buffeting southwestern coastal areas within a mile radius of its eye with heavy rain and storm surges predicted to reach feet high ."
"sidr s eye crossed the khulna barisal coast near the sundarbans mangrove forests around p . m . a . m . et , the bangladesh meteorological department said ."
it was centered over the baleshwar river in barguna district .
"in the coastal districts of bagerhat , barisal and bhola , residents said the storm flattened thousands of flimsy straw and mud huts , and uprooted trees and electric poles ."
"at least , people had moved into official shelters and . million people were expected to be evacuated in all , said ali imam majumder , a senior government official in dhaka ."
"no casualties were immediately reported , but rescue teams were on standby , forest official mozharul islam said in khulna ."
communications with remote forest areas and offshore islands were temporarily cut off .
"we have taken all precautions , majumder said ."
"bangladesh , a low lying delta nation , is prone to seasonal cyclones and floods that cause huge losses of life and property ."
"the coastal area bordering eastern india is famous for the mangrove forests of the sundarbans , a world heritage site that is home to rare royal bengal tigers ."
"the meteorological department had put the country s three major maritime ports chittagong , mongla and cox s bazar on the highest level of alert ."
ferry service and flights were halted across the coastal region .
geneva cnn an . carat white diamond touted by sotheby s for its size and beauty sold at auction wednesday to guess clothing company founder georges marciano for just under . million .
"the jewel the largest top quality , brilliant cut white diamond ever to appear at auction had been valued by sotheby s at between . million and . million ."
"marciano s winning bid , made by telephone , came to , , including the buyer s premium . it was just short of the all time auction record for a stone or piece of jewelry , a record held by the same sotheby s branch in geneva for a . carat diamond that fetched . million in ."
"we had interest from all over the world , said david bennett , the auction house s chairman of jewelry for europe and the middle east ."
"this sale said a lot about the jewelry market internationally , especially the diamond market ."
"the diamond has received the highest possible grading , sotheby s said ."
"it is d color , or finest white , has flawless clarity , and its cut , polish and symmetry have all been graded excellent , it said ."
"ron cohen , the owner of the los angeles based clean diamonds , was the seller of the gem ."
"cohen said he purchased it from angola s national diamond company two years ago , and knew immediately he had found something special ."
"the size and especially the quality of the rough material was extraordinary , he told the associated press by telephone . i only hope i will one day come across another stone like that one ."
"the white diamond already has been showcased in hong kong , paris , new york , rome , los angeles , london , dubai and bahrain ."
"the auction wednesday also featured other diamonds , colored stones and gems from the world s leading jewelers ."
"thierry henry helped barcelona claim a rare away win , but they were far from impressive in seeing off third division side alcoyano in tuesday s spanish cup round of first leg clash ."
henry who played despite french coach raymond domenech asking for him to be released to join the national squad for their euro qualifier opened the scoring in the th minute .
eidur gudjohnsen added a second from the penalty spot in the th minute and rising teenage star bojan krkic added a third deep in injury time .
"in other matches , holders sevilla were held to a draw at third division denia , while athletic bilbao avoided an upset by recovering from behind to draw at second division hercules ."
"the year old actor is featured on the cover of people s annual issue , on newsstands friday ."
"damon , who is married to luciana bozan , said the honor came as a surprise . you gave an aging suburban dad the ego boost of a lifetime , he says in a letter published in the magazine ."
"damon , who has a year old daughter , isabella , with bozan , says all the campaigning by clooney and pitt had finally paid off ."
"unfortunately , after all those years out on the trail , the meet and greets , the fundraisers , the stump speeches , i ve finally come to terms with the fact that this is a mantle i wasn t meant to hold , he says in the letter , which was signed matty ."
"don t get me wrong , though . i was really shocked and happy lucy said i actually blushed when i heard the news ."
people s sexiest man alive list began in with mel gibson .
"others on the list clooney and , pitt and , denzel washington and johnny depp ."
damon won a screenwriting oscar with ben affleck in for good will hunting . both damon and affleck starred in the movie .
"the state of emergency will be lifted on november , and we will switch to a normal life mode , nino burdzhanadze , a close ally of georgia s president mikhail saakashvili , said in parliament wednesday ."
saakashvili introduced the day nationwide state of emergency on nov . after police violently dispersed opposition protests in the capital .
"the united states and other western nations have strongly urged saakashvili to quickly remove the measure , which banned independent newscasts ."
u . s . assistant secretary of state matthew bryza said tuesday after talking to the georgian leadership and opposition in tbilisi that he had been given official assurances that the state of emergency will be lifted friday .
"by naming a date , bryza appeared to put up pressure on saakashvili to act ."
"saakashvili has previously accused moscow of attempting to overthrow his government by staging the recent opposition protests , and said the crackdown was necessary to prevent the country from sliding into chaos ."
"new york cnn gleaning stem cells from cloned monkey embryos , as a team of oregon researchers has done , is an impressive step ."
but it probably won t lead to medical treatments any time soon .
one hurdle is ethical and political .
human embryos have to be destroyed to produce stem cells .
"that has aroused opposition to human embryonic stem cell research , and it led the bush administration to restrict federal funding for it ."
scientists say that has slowed science in this effort .
another hurdle is the inefficiency of the process .
"even if the method described by scientists wednesday works in humans , it would demand too much of a precious resource women s unfertilized eggs ."
the promise of producing stem cells by cloning is that they can be genetically matched to a particular patient .
"so theoretically , doctors should be able to transplant tissue created from them into that person without tissue rejection ."
"and presumably , such transplants could help treat such conditions as diabetes and spinal cord injury ."
"the process used in the new experiment is quite inefficient , shoukhrat mitalipov of the oregon national primate research center in portland told reporters wednesday ."
he and his colleagues reported getting two batches of stem cells that required using about monkey eggs apiece .
"that s far too many if one hopes to use human unfertilized eggs , which are cumbersome to obtain from women ."
"if further work can get that down to maybe five to eggs per stem cell batch , we will be closer to clinical applications , mitalipov said ."
volunteers helped evacuate thousands of people wednesday from bangladesh s southern coast and the government warned ships to seek shelter as a cyclone roared offshore .
"the bangladesh meteorological department issued a bulletin putting the low lying country s three major maritime ports chittagong , mongla and cox s bazar on the highest alert ."
"authorities suspended operations at the country s main seaport , chittagong , while volunteers helped thousands of people move to cyclone shelters and other safer areas along the southern coast , state run bangladesh television said ."
"the cyclone was in the bay of bengal , about miles km south southwest of cox s bazar , with winds of up to mph kph , forecasters said ."
"the southern seaside resort town of cox s bazar appeared deserted after the warning was issued wednesday evening , with rough seas ."
"bangladesh , a south asian nation crisscrossed by river deltas , routinely suffers large scale loss of life and property from cyclones and floods ."
don t count andy key as one of those elvis presley fanatics who insist the king never died .
"key , , said he s open to the possibility presley is alive , but he s counting on there being enough skeptics out there to make his new business a success ."
"included in the collection are photographs , books , fbi files"
"key said he d like the museum to complement the tourist attraction in tupelo , mississippi , where presley was born and bought his first guitar . he s considering opening it in laurel , jackson or hattiesburg , mississippi ."
"elvis presley enterprises , which manages graceland , the king s estate and mansion in memphis , tennessee , previously has said it has no comment on the museum , a transformed coin operated laundry miles west of st . louis ."
"abukar mursal stopped going outside to play after a bullet grazed his back during a soccer game in mogadishu , the wretched seaside capital where he was born ."
"abukar , just years old , simply added sports to his list of banned activities no joining up with militiamen patrolling the streets ."
"and finally , no soccer with his friends . in mogadishu , fighting is everywhere , abukar told the associated press some three months after he fled the city in a car packed with his parents , three siblings and other relatives ."
every morning we heard bullets . i thank god we left that place .
"after more than a decade of chaos , some aid groups now are focusing on the psychological problems of somalia s children of war ."
"the children from mogadishu have seen dead people in the streets , wounded people in the streets , said ibrahim haji , a counselor for the aid group world vision somalia ."
"often , haji can tell if children have just arrived from mogadishu by the way they act ."
"the aid base offers a place to relax there are soccer balls , frisbees and small classrooms with mats where children can take naps ."
"abukar , who said he associates mostly with kids from mogadishu who have been through similar experiences , now lives in a camp with relatives and comes to the world vision center to play soccer and to rest ."
"tehran , iran ap iran s former senior nuclear negotiator has been charged with passing classified information to foreigners , including the british embassy , the iranian intelligence minister said wednesday , according to the official irna news agency ."
"hossein mousavian , the top negotiator under reformist former president mohammad khatami , was briefly detained in may , again on suspicion of espionage , according to the semiofficial fars news agency ."
"he has been informed of the charges that he has given the british embassy information contrary to the security of the country , irna quoted intelligence minister gholam hossein mohseni ejehi as saying ."
"from the viewpoint of the intelligence ministry , he is a criminal ."
"this is definite and provable . but the decision on the case rests with the judge , ejehi said , according to fars ."
"on monday , hard line president mahmoud ahmadinejad blasted critics of his nuclear policies as traitors"
"but ejehi named mousavian directly , saying influential persons have called the judge and tried to get him mousavian acquitted ."
"ahmadinejad has moved to exert greater control over the nuclear issue , replacing iran s top nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , with a close loyalist , saeed jalili a step that angered even some conservative politicians ."
"the president has long faced domestic criticism that he was failing to improve the worsening economy , and has needlessly worsened the nuclear standoff with the west with his inflammatory speeches ."
"mousavian s successor , hasan rowhani , delivered an unusually sharp rebuke to ahmadinejad last month , saying he was making more enemies for iran with his policies ."
iran s refusal to suspend uranium enrichment has been the main trigger for existing u . n . sanctions and the threat of new ones .
"iran , which says it has a right to enrich to generate power , has repeatedly said it will not mothball its program ."
"a senior general warned wednesday that russia could deploy short range missiles to belarus as part of efforts to counter the planned deployment of u . s . missile defense sites in europe , russian news reports said ."
"gen . vladimir zaritsky , the chief of artillery and rocket forces for the russian ground troops , said that any action meets a counteraction , and this is the case with elements of the u . s . missile defense in poland and the czech republic , the itar tass news agency reported ."
the u . s . plan would install a radar base in the czech republic and interceptor missiles in poland both former soviet satellites that are now nato members .
it is part of a wider missile shield involving defenses in california and alaska that the united states says are to defend against any long range missile attack from countries such as north korea or iran .
"russia strongly opposes the idea , saying iran is decades away from developing missile technology that could threaten europe or north america , and it says the u . s . bases will undermine russia s own missile deterrent force ."
"london , england cnn britain is to ramp up security at air and rail terminals as part of sweeping new anti terror measures that will see buildings bomb proofed and citizens placed under more surveillance , prime minister gordon brown said wednesday ."
brown told parliament the measures were a response to the attempted terrorist attacks in june in which a group of al qaeda linked foreign born doctors launched unsuccessful attacks in the uk .
in london a car bomb was found parked near a crowded london nightclub while in glasgow an explosives laden vehicle was driven into an airport terminal .
"they will require not just military and security resources , but more policing , more intelligence , and an enhanced effort to win hearts and minds , brown said ."
"under brown s plans , buildings will be made more explosion resistant and public places more physically protected to minimize shrapnel in the event of a car bomb ."
the prime minister said the government would work with architects and designers to encourage them to build with blast resistant materials and introduce traffic control measures like large barriers or vehicle exclusion zones .
"the government will step up security at railway stations , where it will introduce random baggage and passenger screening ."
"airport terminals , ports , and other sensitive installations will also see enhanced security , brown said ."
"as many as counterterrorism advisers will work with theaters , restaurants , hotels , sports venues , hospitals , schools , and places of worship to train civilian staff to identify suspicious behavior , brown said ."
"the current security budget of . billion pounds billion will increase to . billion pounds billion by , brown said ."
"despite growing international pressure , pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , gave no indication that he will lift his emergency declaration before upcoming parliamentary elections , telling reporters , i don t take any ultimatums from anyone ."
"he delivered that message in an interview with the associated press on wednesday , days before he is scheduled to talk with u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte in the pakistani capital of islamabad this weekend ."
senior state department officials told cnn that negroponte will convey to musharraf how seriously the united states views his imposition of emergency rule and will suggest he rescind it .
"as the pressure mounted wednesday , imran khan , a former pakistani cricket captain who turned to politics , was jailed in lahore after turning up at a student rally ."
and opposition leader benazir bhutto remained under house arrest wednesday .
"musharraf is also under pressure from the british commonwealth , which has threatened to suspend pakistan from the nation alliance if he does not lift the emergency order by november ."
"asked about that threat , musharraf told the ap , i don t take any ultimatums from anyone ."
"asked what message he will deliver to negroponte , musharraf was vague . we ll talk , he said , but noted that we are not here to satisfy foreign concerns ."
"negroponte is expected to arrive in islamabad late friday for talks saturday and sunday with musharraf , prime minister shaukat aziz and other pakistani officials , state department officials told cnn on wednesday ."
he has also expressed a wish to meet bhutto .
roads into the city were jammed as commuters turned to their cars .
"about , french employees , mostly in the transportation sector , qualify for this plan ."
the vast majority of france s million workers do not .
the strikes coincide with the commercial launch of a new eurostar service connecting paris gare du nord with the new st . pancras terminal in waterloo .
"services are not expected to be disrupted , but passengers alighting in paris will be unable to make connections ."
the strikes are the second industrial action to face sarkozy since he took office earlier this year promising to revive france s economy and open up the job market by stripping away enshrined labor protections .
"shortly after the strike began , french prime minister francois fillon said the government is firm but would not be confrontational ."
"cnn two people are dead , are injured and dozens of construction workers are believed trapped in a collapsed roadway tunnel after chile was rocked by a magnitude . . earthquake wednesday , officials said ."
"a . m . et and was centered km miles east southeast of tocopilla , a city of about , people ."
"the area is about , km miles north of santiago ."
"the quake was felt in peru and bolivia , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
the number of dead and injured could rise as officials venture to the more remote areas and rural and indigenous communities of chile s desert .
"about workers were believed to be inside the meter , foot pedro galleguillos tunnel at the time of the quake ."
the tunnel is about km . miles north of tocopilla and its exit paths collapsed .
the chilean navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to assist in the rescue operations .
"repair work on the tunnel , completed in , began on october and was to be finished early next year ."
"the quake sent terrified residents into the streets in dozens of cities , chile s state owned television station said ."
several aftershocks the strongest measuring magnitude . have rocked the area .
"the tocopilla hospital was itself damaged in the quake , and authorities were considering relocating patients to other hospitals in the area , the government said ."
"municipal official ljubica ukurtovic , in an interview with chilean tv station tvn , said approximately people had sought treatment at the hospital ."
"ricardo lagos weber , minister of government affairs , who made a statement from santiago an hour after the quake hit , said information from isolated areas in the far north was coming in slowly ."
"officials were headed to the area from santiago to evaluate the damage , tvn correspondent amaro gomez pablos said ."
"the temblor was centered at a depth of km miles , the usgs said ."
"a tsunami warning was issued for the south pacific coast after the quake hit , but was canceled within an hour ."
rafael nadal met his match in fellow spaniard david ferrer as he crashed to defeat in three draining sets at the season ending masters cup on tuesday .
world number two nadal succumbed as he suffered the same fate as top ranked roger federer who surprisingly lost his match on monday in the round robin stage in shanghai .
the spanish rivals showed little respect for each other s serves the pair combined for five breaks in the first set alone and ferrer didn t hold serve until his fourth attempt on his way to losing the opener when he netted a forehand .
but it was the tenacious ferrer who finally sealed victory in a match that lasted two hours and minutes .
"ferrer made a better start to the second , saving four break points in a close fought fifth game and later earning two set points on nadal s serve and taking the second as his rival flighted a forehand long ."
"at least two people were killed tuesday in an explosion at the entrance of the philippine parliament , including a lawmaker who apparently was the target of the blast , chief geary barias of the national regional capital police said . barias said rep ."
"wahab akbar of basilan province who has been the subject of threats in the past was killed in the p . m . a . m . et explosion , which came from a bomb that police believe was planted on a motorcycle near akbar s vehicle ."
"another lawmaker s driver also was killed , barias said ."
"two other legislators were among the injured , the police chief said ."
speaker of the house jose de venecia condemned what he called a criminal and despicable act by a terrorist or an anarchist .
two men who say they helped o . j . simpson forcibly take sports memorabilia during a confrontation in a las vegas hotel room testified tuesday that simpson asked them to carry guns and look menacing .
their testimony contradicts simpson s assertions that he had no idea weapons were involved in the incident .
walter alexander and michael mcclinton agreed to testify after reaching plea bargains with prosecutors .
they said simpson had instructed them to deny guns had been used during the september altercation with two sports memorabilia dealers at the palace station hotel .
"their testimony came during the third day of simpson s preliminary hearing in clark county justice court , which will continue wednesday morning ."
"stocks surged tuesday , with the dow climbing nearly points , after comments from executives at goldman sachs and other major banks reassured investors worried about the ongoing fallout from the credit market crisis ."
wal mart s earnings report and a nearly percent slide in oil prices also played a role in the day s advance .
"the dow jones industrial average charts added just under points , posting its second biggest , single day advance of the year ."
the s p charts index added . percent and the nasdaq composite charts added . percent .
the russell charts small cap index jumped . percent .
oil and gold prices plunged .
"while the day s advance was positive , it doesn t indicate a new direction for the market going forward , the analysts said ."
"if you look at the market over the last month , it doesn t take much to get investors whipped into a frenzy , said chris johnson , chief investment officer at johnson research group ."
"new delhi cnn a man in southern india married a female dog in a traditional hindu ceremony in a bid to atone for stoning two dogs to death , a newspaper reported tuesday ."
"the year old man married the sari draped dog at a temple in the southern state of tamil nadu on sunday after an astrologer said it was the only way to cure himself of a disability , the hindustan times newspaper reported ."
p . selvakumar told the paper that he had been suffering since he stoned two dogs to death and strung them up in a tree years ago .
"after that my legs and hands got paralyzed and i lost hearing in one ear , the paper quoted him as saying ."
family members chose a stray female dog named selvi who was then bathed and clothed for the ceremony .
"the groom and his family then had a feast , while the dog got a bun , the paper said ."
cnn shuffling through airport security in your socks or sitting in traffic may seem like a breeze compared with the stresses of settling in under the same roof with family .
"tensions often run high during the holidays , but there are polite and effective ways to manage those tricky interactions ."
your mother expects you home for thanksgiving and your in laws are demanding an audience with their grandchildren .
talk about your arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparations .
you might feel that your energetic kids will drive the rest of the extended family crazy .
discuss it with them and be honest about your preferences .
"be realistic , but optimistic"
"think positively , but don t get carried away and expect everything to be perfect ."
"tangled family issues aren t going to disappear for the holidays , so you want to be prepared to defuse them delicately ."
short visits are better in cases where you expect to be in close quarters with someone who nags or criticizes you .
you can ignore the criticism or try to positively counteract it .
"if you re having a hard time , plan to call a friend or go out for a walk with someone you feel comfortable with ."
"and if a situation is really making you uncomfortable , talk to the parties involved about how it makes you feel ."
remember that you re a guest .
try to find time for relaxation and your personal routine when there are openings in the schedule .
"and always , always bring a host or hostess gift ."
"los angeles , california cnn there was a time around when no matter where you were in the car , on the stairmaster , at the dentist s office you couldn t help but hear my heart will go on , the soaring celine dion ballad from titanic ."
"resistance was futile . it did go on an example not just of great marketing , but of the kind of movie theme song that no longer exists ."
"they became a souvenir of the theatrical experience , as six time oscar nominated songwriter diane warren puts it ."
"for decades , theme songs like evergreen or arthur s theme or i ve had the time of my life were huge radio hits , often hitting no . on the pop chart and going on to win the academy award for best original song ."
"but in the past few years , filmmakers like cameron crowe and wes anderson have been more likely to choose pre existing songs to punctuate a moment or create a certain mood ."
it seems there s just no room on the pop charts any more for an up where we belong from an officer and a gentleman or a take my breath away from top gun .
"eminem s lose yourself rap from the film mile is the rare recent oscar winner that s also had radio success as catchy as it s hard out here for a pimp was from s hustle flow , it wasn t exactly radio friendly ."
"what made those songs work , warren said , is that they re hit songs , first and foremost ."
"london , england cnn the glistening treasures of king tut , the popular name of the famous egyptian boy king tutankhamun , are fascinating a new generation of londoners more than years after the first exhibition was greeted with fanfare on british shores ."
the artifacts are part of a fresh exhibit that arrives in london this week called tutankhamun and the golden age of the pharaohs .
"exhibit organizers say they have sold and reserved , tickets ahead of the opening day on thursday and predict more than million visitors by the end of the year long show ."
"the exhibit is inside london s former millennium dome , now renamed the o ."
"it presents objects from tutankhamun s tomb and more than artifacts from other royal graves of the same dynasty , all of them between , and , years old ."
"while visitors will be able to see king tut s royal diadem the gold crown which was discovered on the head of tut s mummified body , they will not be able to see his gleaming golden death mask , which remains at the egyptian museum in cairo ."
"visitors will also not be able to see the king s face , which was revealed to the public for the first time in egypt this month ."
"it is preserved inside a climate controlled plexiglass container in luxor , egypt , near the valley of the kings ."
treasures which are on display include one of the gold and precious stone inlaid coffinettes which contained tut s mummified internal organs .
"there is also a small ebony and ivory chair which the king sat on as a child , along with his crook and flail ."
"other items include a ceremonial gold dagger from tutankhamun s reign , an ancient dog collar , a turquoise and gold colored cosmetics container , statues which guarded the tombs of tut s relatives , and coffins ."
it was when the first exhibition of king tut s treasures came to london as part of a tour which also went to the united states .
it sparked a king tut frenzy and the exhibit was a sellout
lines snaked around the british museum and the wait to get in was as long as eight hours .
"the exhibition was much smaller then , with only objects on display ."
"still , the show in london attracted . million visitors , which remains a record for uk museums ."
denmark s center right prime minister declared victory in tuesday s election after near complete returns showed his governing coalition defeated the left wing opposition .
"everything indicates that the government can continue , anders fogh rasmussen told jubilant supporters of his liberal party ."
he called it historic that a liberal led government had been re elected for a third term .
"he spoke shortly after the leader of the key opposition party conceded defeat in an election that focused on immigration , welfare and taxes ."
there was broad agreement on keeping the cradle to grave welfare state .
"a total of candidates ran , representing nine parties with independents ."
"denmark s jobless rate is at . percent , the lowest in three decades , and the economy grew . percent last year ."
"french transport workers went on strike tuesday evening , marking the second major showdown with french president nicolas sarkozy over his plan to reform pensions ."
"shortly after the strike began , french prime minister francois fillon said the government is firm but would not be confrontational ."
"in an interview on the french television network tf , fillon said , it is necessary that this strike end as soon as possible ."
"one major factor is that , according to the polls , the majority of french people are not behind the unions ."
a poll published monday by the paris daily newspaper liberation showed percent of those responding supported the government while only percent backed the unions .
"a half hour before tuesday s strike was to begin , sarkozy , fillon and transport minister dominique bussereau met with the directors of the national and regional rail systems as well as the directors of the public electric and gas utility companies edf and gdf ."
"scheduled to continue into the weekend , according to a spokeswoman for the sncf , the national railways ."
"railway workers began putting down their tools at p . m . gmt tuesday , and they expect to be joined hours later by transport staff in paris , the agency spokeswoman agnes grisoglio said ."
"bangalore , india cnn two year old lakshmi tatma , an indian toddler born with four arms and four legs , made her first public appearance tuesday , a week after surgeons in india successfully removed her additional limbs ."
"she is coping very well , lead surgeon dr . sharan patil said ."
"several of her doctors , all of them smiling , described her recovery over the past week very steady and good progress , one saying she is out of the woods as far as serious medical issues are concerned ."
"the operation a week ago lasted hours and involved a team of some surgeons , all specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics , and plastic surgery , working in eight hour shifts ."
lakshmi s extra limbs were part of a conjoined twin which stopped developing in the womb .
"it had a torso and limbs but no head , and was joined to lakshmi at the pelvis ."
"doctors said that without the surgery , lakshmi would have been unlikely to survive beyond early adolescence ."
the surgery involved the removal of the extra limbs and the repositioning of lakshmi s organs .
"baghdad , iraq cnn an iraqi kurdish official said two turkish military aircrafts crossed into iraqi border space on monday and dropped stun grenades on an uninhabited border area in an apparent attempt to locate targets there ."
"but jamal abdullah , spokesman for iraq s kurdish regional government krg , told cnn that these actions did not amount to airstrikes despite news reports that say turkish helicopter gunships attacked targets in northern iraq ."
"abdullah , in an interview with cnn on tuesday , said the action occurred in the bas agha village area of zakho district in duhuk province ."
"tensions have been high along the iraqi turkish border , with turkey threatening to launch a full scale cross border offensive against separatist guerrillas from the kurdistan workers party , or"
"those militants have launched actions against turkish troops from northern iraq and have been fighting the turkish government forces in southeastern turkey , where the violence has been steady ."
turkey s semi official anadolou agency reported that four turkish soldiers were killed and nine others were wounded on tuesday in fighting in turkey s sirnak province in the southeast .
"the united states , the iraqi government and the autonomous krg have launched diplomatic efforts to keep turkey from launching an offensive against the pkk ."
turkey has said in recent weeks that time is slipping away and it will make the moves it sees fit to deal with the guerrillas if iraq and the united states fail to quell their activities .
"but the turkish government , which received approval from the parliament to take military action , is primed to take such action ."
there are tens of thousands of turkish troops near the border area .
the iraqi government has formed a ministerial crisis group to deal with the problem .
"the total economic impact of the wars in iraq and afghanistan is estimated at . trillion by , a congressional committee said in a report released tuesday ."
"that is nearly double the billion in direct war costs the white house requested so far from congress , the joint economic committee said ."
"the committee estimated . trillion in war costs by the end of for iraq , and the remainder for afghanistan ."
"the total war costs could grow to . trillion by , the committee estimated ."
"the higher total economic impact comes from , among other things , the cost of borrowing money to pay for the war , lost productivity , higher oil prices and the cost of health care for veterans , the committee said ."
"the cost for a family of four would go up to , from to , the committee said ."
we of the baby boom generation and our children and grandchildren will be paying for this war for a very long time to come .
"white house spokeswoman dana perino accused the democrats of releasing the report for partisan reasons and to muddy the waters after a series of positive reports from iraq including a reduction in violence , increased economic capacity of the country , and signs of continued political reconciliation from the bottom up ."
"lahore , pakistan cnn former pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto on tuesday called on president gen . pervez musharraf to immediately step down in the wake of a mass crackdown on the opposition this week ."
"protesters in karachi , meanwhile , reportedly opened fire on two police stations in protest as bhutto remained under house arrest in lahore , according to the associated press ."
"it s time for him to leave , said bhutto in a phone interview with cnn tuesday morning , as pakistani riot police arrested her supporters ."
"bhutto s remarks were welcomed by another former prime minister , nawaz sharif ."
"speaking from saudi arabia , he called for the divided opposition to join forces against musharraf , who declared a state of emergency and suspended democracy earlier this month ."
"bhutto s comments marked the first time she had called on musharraf , who is both president and army chief , to completely give up power ."
"bhutto said that while she had tried to work with musharraf on a roadmap to democracy , the arrests of thousands of people on monday had convinced her that he must go ."
"there s a total trust deficit , bhutto said , confirming that she has been placed under house arrest for seven days ."
"in her cnn interview , she also addressed media reports that musharraf may have her deported ."
"but i have not been given any indication of whether i will be taken out of this house arrest or whether i will be taken to my own house or to any unknown destination , bhutto said ."
so i m totally in the dark at this moment on what this regime is planning to do with me .
"asked if she would leave the country if the government tried to force her out , bhutto replied , no , i won t go . pakistan is my country ."
"musharraf struck back in an interview in the new york times tuesday , saying bhutto had no right to ask him to step down ."
"he also questioned her popularity and her claim that she would win the elections , the article said ."
"let s start the elections and let s see whether she wins , musharraf said , according to the newspaper ."
world no . roger federer lost consecutive matches for the first time for more than four years when he crashed to fernando gonzalez of chile on monday at the masters cup .
defending champion federer went down for the first time in meetings against gonzalez and admitted
it was a tough loss . i thought i played pretty good . i wish i had an excuse .
andy roddick overcame a second set lapse and beat fourth seeded nikolay davydenko .
federer will likely have to beat roddick and davydenko to reach the semifinals .
"but the swiss has proved vulnerable over the last month , falling twice to david nalbandian , first in madrid , then again in the third round at paris ."
"the last time that federer lost two matches in a row was in when he fell in the third round at hamburg , then the first round at the french open ."
a thick plume of black smoke covered the sky over london monday as blaze broke out in a disused warehouse on the site of the olympics .
"fire crews were investigating the cause , but it was not thought to be terror related ."
at least engines and firefighters were called in to tackle the height of the blaze in a disused warehouse in the east of the city .
"a thick column of black smoke , believed to have been caused by burning diesel fuel , could be seen for miles over the city ."
"the olympic delivery authority , coordinating construction for the games , said the fire was located within the olympic site , behind a bus depot . the fire sparked initial alarm in london ,"
"which was targeted with deadly attacks by islamic extremists in , but police said it was not thought to be terror related . ."
"the site of the fire was less than a mile from stratford international , a station serving the eurostar train ."
it is also close to the canary wharf business district and london s city airport which was not affected .
"if you think being a secret agent is all just one giant adrenaline rush , think again ."
our mission on the other side of the world
retrieve a missing nuclear trigger before it falls into enemy hands .
we don t know whom to trust in kandahar .
"welcome to operation spy at the international spy museum www . spymuseum . org in washington , d . c ."
"today intelligence is the first line of defense against ideology driven terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and other threats to our country , explains peter earnest , executive director of the international spy museum , who spent years at the cia ."
"the kids loved operation spy and the spy tools in the museum s permanent exhibits a soviet listening device hidden inside the heel of a target s shoe , a lipstick pistol and poison gas gun nearly as much as they loved the gift shop , which offered every spy toy imaginable ."
asian markets fell sharply monday after wall street declined at the end of last week on renewed concerns about u . s . mortgage problems .
european markets were mixed .
"major banks warned last week of further losses in their debt portfolios , raising investor concerns that the credit market slump isn t abating ."
"basically , the subprime loan issue still drags on , and there is no prospect of what can end the problem , said shinichi ichikawa , chief strategist at credit suisse of the declines in asian markets ."
"japan s benchmark nikkei index fell . percent , and hong kong s hang seng dropped . percent ."
"in south korea , the korea composite stock price index , or kospi , fell . percent ."
"both the hang seng and the kospi fell more than percent during intraday trade , and the nikkei dipped below , points for the first time since july ."
police said there was nothing to suggest a suspicious cause .
"france s cac slipped . percent to , . and germany s dax declined . percent to , ."
"in the u . s . , stock futures were lower as investors brace for potentially more bad news from some of the nation s banks ."
"on friday , the dow jones industrial average fell . percent to , . ."
"donda west , mother of hip hop mogul kanye west , may have died because of complications from surgery , the los angeles county coroner s office said monday ."
an autopsy to be performed wednesday may make clear the cause of death .
"west died saturday at the age of , a representative of her son s record label , island def jam , confirmed , adding that the family respectfully asks for privacy during this time of grief ."
"lt . fred corral , watch commander for the los angeles county coroner s office , told cnn the office is investigating west s death due to possible complications of surgery ."
he added that it is not known whether complications arose during or after surgery .
"west died saturday night at p . m . , corral said ."
"attempts were made to revive her , but were unsuccessful ."
"she regularly attended her son s concerts , and was at his performance at the mtv video music awards in september ."
"the oil tanker split in half and spilled more than , tons of fuel oil , and environmentalists expressed concern that the effects of the spill would last for years ."
the official russia today web site said five bodies were recovered .
"two of those were confirmed to be sailors from the sunken ships , and interfax said the other three were also believed to be seamen from the ships ."
"the russian rescue service said of its experts were working in the black sea along with personnel from the russian navy s black sea fleet , who were focusing on the fuel cleanup ."
"three helicopters and rescue boats were part of the joint operation , the rescue service said ."
the ships sank sunday during a fierce storm which generated hurricane force winds and gigantic waves in the black sea and the azov sea to the north .
"at one point on sunday , officials described foot waves and mph winds ."
"four of the ships sank in the kerch strait , which connects the black sea and azov sea and separates russia from ukraine s crimean peninsula ."
"among them were turkish vessels , a georgian and a greek ship ."
"beijing , china ap european union leaders will press china for faster action on its swelling trade gap and currency controls at a summit this month , the eu ambassador to china said monday ."
the comments reflect growing european urgency over china s multibillion dollar trade surpluses .
"we want more attention to our specific needs , our specific concerns , in intellectual property , in product safety , in opening chinese markets which are still not fully open , in welcoming our investment , ambassador serge abou said at a news conference ."
"an eu delegation led by prime minister jose socrates of portugal , which holds the presidency of the nation group , is due in beijing on nov . to chinese leaders ."
"a day earlier , finance officials from the two sides meet to discuss currency concerns ."
"european leaders will press beijing for action to lower barriers to foreign investment and to let its currency , the yuan , rise more quickly in value , abou told reporters ."
"despite contentious trade issues , abou said eu chinese relations are positive ."
he said the meeting was taking place in an air of optimism and self confidence on both sides .
"the wide ranging agenda also includes discussion of closer european chinese cooperation in science , environmental protection and combating global warming , according to abou ."
"cnn so , what exactly is news in a virtual world ?"
"cnn aims to find out by opening an i report hub in second life , a three dimensional virtual world created entirely by its residents ."
"there , cnn will look to those most familiar with the virtual world the second life residents themselves to determine what constitutes news in world ."
developer linden labs opened second life to the public in .
"according to its web site , second life is inhabited by millions of residents from around the globe ."
"however , traffic at any given time hovers around , users ."
"just as cnn asks its real life audience to submit i reports user generated content submitted from cell phones , computers , cameras and other equipment for broadcast and online reports the network is encouraging residents of second life to share their own sl i reports about events occurring within the virtual world ."
"the thing we most hope to gain by having a cnn presence in second life is to learn about virtual worlds and understand what news is most interesting and valuable to their residents , said susan grant , executive vice president of cnn news services ."
"when second life residents observe an in world event they deem newsworthy , they can take snapshots , shoot video , or write a report about the event and submit to cnn ."
submissions selected by cnn i report producers will go back into second life for residents to view throughout the virtual world .
"london , england cnn an outbreak of bird flu has been detected on a poultry farm in eastern england , british officials said monday ."
"the department for environment , food and rural affairs said tests had revealed avian influenza in turkeys on the premises near diss on the border of norfolk and suffolk ."
"the agency said all birds on the infected premises will be culled , including approximately , turkey , geese and over , ducks ."
"initial tests revealed the h strain of the virus , the statement said ."
"however , the agency said full confirmation results which would show whether this outbreak involved the far more contagious h n strain were still being awaited ."
"while various bird flu strains can be transmitted to humans who are in close contact with infected birds , the h n is of particular concern because health officials fear that it could mutate and be spread from human to human ."
the agency said it expected results on the more dangerous h n strain to take at least two days .
"a two mile protection zone and a six mile surveillance zone are being established around the infected premises , the agency said ."
a spokeswoman said the agency was informed of the outbreak on sunday .
she said inspectors visited the farm to carry out tests and that restrictions were placed on the farm late the same day .
the agency said it is notifying all poultry keepers in britain and that the european commission has also been informed .
"h n is highly pathogenic and extremely contagious among birds , both by air and contact with feces ."
"according to world health organization figures , people have died worldwide from the h n strain since ."
"among birds mortality is close to percent , with many of the infected animals dying on the same day they were infected ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a legal debate and reconciliation politics have delayed the scheduled executions in iraq of three saddam hussein era officials and the hiatus is causing an uproar among iraqi officials ."
"sultan hashem ahmed , and hussein rashid , all from the sunni dominated hussein government , were found guilty of war crimes during the bloody anfal offensive during the late s in iraq s kurdish region ."
they were to be executed by hanging within days after an iraqi appeals court upheld their sentences in early september .
"however , the three remain in united states custody amid protests over the case and will remain so until there is a meeting of the minds among iraqis on how to proceed ."
iraqi law requires that the three members of country s presidency council sign the execution warrants but doesn t address what happens if the leaders don t ratify the executions .
"in this case , jalal talabani , the kurdish president and tariq al hashimi , the sunni vice president , are unwilling to sign an execution order ."
"the third member of the council is the shiite vice president , adel abdul mahdi ."
one western official close to the case told cnn that iraqi courts have not addressed whether the absence of a signature constitutes a de facto pardon or a stay of execution .
"but iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki , addressing the issue on sunday before reporters , said the iraqi high tribunal made a final ruling in the case and an appeals court upheld the ruling ."
"cnn at least seven palestinians were killed and wounded monday when hamas security forces and fatah gunmen traded fire at a gaza city rally , according to palestinian medical sources ."
the rally was being held to commemorate the third anniversary of palestinian leader yasser arafat s death .
"of the wounded , seven are in critical condition , the sources said ."
the identities of the dead and wounded were not immediately known .
it is unclear how the incident began each side blamed the other for firing first .
"the gaza rally began sunday , the anniversary of arafat s death , and ended monday ."
video footage showed crowds of men running through the street as gunfire erupted .
some protesters were carrying the wounded off the streets and to a waiting ambulance .
"hamas , which took control of gaza in a violent mid june siege , sent members of its executive force to enforce security ."
hamas security sources said palestinians were arrested in the wake of monday s violence .
"violence had been expected at the rally , which marked the largest fatah gathering since hamas took over the area ."
arafat led the fatah party before his death .
"norristown , pennsylvania cnn a pennsylvania teen jailed on suspicion of plotting a columbine style attack on his old school exchanged e mail with the disturbed student who killed eight people in a similar shooting in finland , the boy s lawyer said monday ."
"but j . david farrell , the attorney for year old dillon cossey , said his client had no warning that pekka eric auvinen was preparing the rampage that left eight people dead at his high school outside helsinki ."
"we re certain the facts will show in the long run that mr . auvinen was acting completely on his own , without any encouragement from my client or anyone else for that matter , farrell said ."
"he said the two had been in touch within two months of cossey s october arrest in suburban philadelphia , but he said cossey was shocked by auvinen s november shootings at his high school in the finnish town of jokela ."
"he s very saddened that someone he was in touch with committed a violent , deadly act , farrell said ."
"farrell said their correspondence related to their shared interest in certain video games , web sites and online videos ."
"my client is very clear that there was no discussion by mr . auvinen of his intention to commit a criminal act , he said . i believe that facts will show that mr . auvinen did not own a weapon until after my client was detained ."
"cossey is awaiting trial in juvenile court on charges stemming from what prosecutors called a plot to attack his former school , plymouth whitemarsh , in the philadelphia suburb of plymouth meeting ."
"the times of london reported monday that auvinen and cossey met via the social networking web site myspace , where members have set up two groups dedicated to the memory of eric harris and dylan klebold the perpetrators of the massacre at columbine high school in littleton , colorado ."
the newspaper also reported that auvinen had left postings on the myspace pages .
"a search of the family s home in plymouth meeting , pennsylvania , turned up the rifle , about air powered guns , swords , knives , grenades , a bomb making book and videos of the columbine attack ."
"pakistan opposition leader benazir bhutto was placed under house arrest monday , a day ahead of a planned march protesting president pervez musharraf s declared state of emergency ."
police have declared bhutto s house in lahore a subjail and sent jail staff to monitor the situation .
"when police arrived at the to serve the former prime minister with the house arrest warrant , they were told she was not available to sign it , police said ."
critics see the emergency as an attempt by musharraf who seized power in a coup and promised to restore democracy to strengthen his grip over the nuclear armed country amid calls for him to quit as army chief .
"as opposition to emergency rule gathered pace in pakistan , government sources told cnn that she could be placed under house arrest to prevent her staging a three day march from the city of lahore to islamabad on tuesday ."
"they indicated there could be a danger to bhutto , who was targeted by a deadly suicide bomb attack on october in karachi as supporters greeted her return from a self imposed"
"the u . s . , which views muslim pakistan as a key ally in its battle against al qaeda linked extremism , welcomed musharraf s vote pledge but renewed calls for the emergency to be lifted ."
"holder justine henin retained the sony ericsson championships in madrid on sunday , fighting back to defeat maria sharapova in three hours , minutes , the longest three set final in the tournament s history ."
"henin becomes the sixth woman to successfully defend the wta s season ending championship , her th title of the year and th of her career ."
"the belgian top seed was forced to dig deep , saving five of russian sharapova s six break points in the final set , and of overall ."
"henin eventually won an epic battle on her fifth match point , breaking after sharapova netted a drop shot ."
sharapova came into the tournament after a two month lay off because of a shoulder injury .
"it s the last day of the season , the last match and wins was great motivation . it s been fantastic and emotional and i just wanted to enjoy this last moment , said henin , who rushed straightinto the stands to celebrate with family and back up team ."
"in the third set it was mentally and physically tough , said henin . we were both dead . but what a way to finish the season ."
"crawford , texas cnn u . s . president george w . bush and german chancellor angela merkel say they will continue to pursue a diplomatic solution to iran s nuclear program ."
"speaking at bush s ranch in crawford , texas , merkel said the threat posed by a potential nuclear program in iran is a serious one ."
but she said she and bush agreed the iranian issue can be solved through diplomatic means .
"the next step , she said , will be a u . n . security council resolution , and work is under way to prepare for that ."
"if talks with iranian representatives and javier solana , foreign policy chief for the european union , are unsuccessful , merkel said , further steps will have to be made ."
"those might include further sanctions , she said ."
"germany has reviewed its business ties with iran , and may make further reductions in those if circumstances warrant , she said ."
"bush said , what the iranian regime must understand is , we will continue to work together to solve this problem diplomatically , which means they will continue to be isolated ."
both leaders said any security council action will require the support of china and russia .
"bush and merkel said they had discussed a variety of other subjects , including the middle east , trade negotiations and climate change ."
"the number of bombings and suicide attacks has dropped dramatically in the iraqi capital , prime minister nuri al maliki said sunday , claiming sectarian violence is closed now ."
"meanwhile , a roadside bomb missed a u . s . convoy in eastern baghdad , killing a year old girl and wounding four other iraqis , police said ."
"al maliki , a shiite muslim , told reporters that terrorist acts including car bombings and suicide attacks have dropped by percent from last year s high , a sign that sunni shiite violence is closed now ."
"when the sectarian strife is over , then i will not fear the gangs who are running between the provinces , al maliki said , an apparent reference to al qaeda and other sunni religious extremists that have been driven from the capital ."
"the majority of these terrorists are fleeing to nearby countries , and i warned our brothers in the islamic and arab countries to be aware in order that they not harm these countries , he said ."
"al maliki said he was considering an amnesty for those who were lured or committed some crimes , although he added that the move would not include those convicted of killings or bombings ."
"in a sign the government is working toward reconciliation , former members of saddam hussein s party were reinstated to their jobs after they joined the fight against al qaeda in anbar province , said ali al lami , a senior official with the commission that considered their cases ."
"al lami told the associated press that the former baath party members included university professors , officers in the disbanded iraqi army , former policemen and teachers ."
"mogadishu , somalia cnn neighborhoods in the somali capital were deserted on sunday , a day after civilians were brutally killed in the wake of intense fighting between ethiopian backed somali troops and islamic insurgents , according to witnesses and journalists in mogadishu ."
"witnesses in mogadishu s al baraka neighborhood said the dead included women , the elderly and children as young as ."
"they said all killed were all non combatants , and blamed the deaths on ethiopian troops , who are backing interim somali forces in an attempt to quell an islamist led insurgency ."
residents in mogadishu accuse the ethiopian forces of targeting civilians in revenge for the killings of its troops .
"witnesses and journalists in the city also say ethiopian and somali forces are indiscriminately shooting at anyone , fearing no consequences from the weak government in mogadishu ."
bakara market mogadishu s largest public market remained all but deserted sunday a day after the ethiopian backed somali forces occupied the streets surrounding the bazaar .
"the somali forces scared off traders after firing shots in the air , witnesses said ."
"the situation had calmed by sunday , but there were reports of sporadic fighting ."
"up to , people have abandoned the capital in the last two weeks , according to united nations estimates ."
"u . n . secretary general ban ki moon warned friday of a growing humanitarian crisis in somalia and said . million people were in need of humanitarian assistance , a rise of percent since the start of the year ."
"according to local media estimates , to people have been killed since ethiopian troops launched reprisals after the body of one their soldiers was dragged through the streets by an angry mob thursday ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s gen . pervez musharraf said sunday that elections will go ahead in january despite a state of emergency that he said was needed to tackle extremists and ensure free and fair elections ."
he said the vote will take place before january but he would not say when the state of emergency would end .
"u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice cautiously welcomed musharraf s election timeline , calling it a positive element , but stressing the state of emergency has got to be lifted , and lifted as soon as possible ."
"speaking at his first news conference since the order , musharraf restated his vow to step down as military chief once a newly installed supreme court approves his third term in office ."
musharraf replaced the previous court shortly after issuing the emergency order a move that his opponents said amounts to a power grab .
opposition leaders believe musharraf issued the emergency order to avoid an impending ruling that would have nullified his election victory by disqualifying him for another presidential term .
"robbers posed as flower deliverymen to get into an year old woman s apartment and steal at least , in savings her husband kept in cash , the victims and police said ."
"two bouquet toting bandits persuaded carmen nieves to open her door to them , she said saturday as police released a surveillance camera photo of the suspects ."
"they have flowers , they say my husband sent them to me , and , besides , they were young kids , said nieves , whose husband was out at the time of the november robbery ."
police estimated the suspects were between and years old .
"once inside nieves apartment on manhattan s lower east side , the thieves bound her hands and feet and ransacked the house until they found the money ."
"it was like a tornado , she said ."
"nieves and her husband , michael rodriguez , , said he had planned to take the cash to a bank ."
"he had mentioned the cache of cash to someone , and he believes that remark may have led to the robbery , he said ."
"i worked years , and now i m retired , and they took all my money , he said ."
"cnn the largest political protest in nearly a decade erupted in malaysia s capital city , kuala lumpur , saturday with riot police aiming water hoses and tear gas at thousands of protesters gathered to demand electoral reform ."
opposition parties and civic groups demonstrated against alleged fraudulent activity in the electoral process and demanded an overhaul of malaysia s electoral commission ahead of general elections widely expected for early next year .
"malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi had vowed to suppress the demonstration , and on saturday police had erected roadblocks and ramped up security in an attempt to close down the city s center ."
"nevertheless , in defiance of a government ban , between , and , demonstrators massed outside the royal palace in kuala lumpar , according to media reports ."
"opposition group leader and former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim put the number much higher , claiming more than , people had gathered in the streets ."
one witness said police fired tear gas and jets of chemically laced water at hundreds of demonstrators who sought refuge in the city s jamek mosque and in commercial buildings .
new york based human rights watch slammed the rally ban and urged the government to support free speech ahead of elections expected to be called early next year .
"human rights watch said malaysian elections have been sullied by vote buying , the use of public resources by the ruling parties and accusations of bias against the election commission ."
"opposition party leaders , including anwar , called the mass meeting to protest alleged fraudulent activity in the electoral process ."
"this was an attempt to threaten the people . but i am very proud that malaysians were not intimidated and turned out in such great numbers and that they behaved peacefully , anwar said ."
"moscow , russia cnn at least two sailors died and were missing sunday when five ships sank in storms in the black sea and the azov sea , the official russia today web site said ."
"the strong winds and high surf caused the volgoneft to split in two , spilling up , gallons of fuel oil , an official from russia s emergency situations ministry told cnn ."
"that is approximately , tons ."
"in addition to the five ships that sank , many others were grounded , russia today reported ."
"the weather was hampering efforts to control the spill , which occurred in the kerch strait , the official said ."
the channel separates the black sea from the sea of azov .
"the spill was moving toward the ukrainian coast and russia and ukraine have set up a joint crisis center to deal with the disaster , the official said ."
"the volnogorsk and the nakhichevan each carrying about , tons of sulfur also broke apart as a result of the high waves and strong winds , a local transport official told ria novosti news agency ."
"and a third sulfur transporting vessel , the kovel , went down later after striking the volnogorsk , the agency reported ."
"a spokesman for the federal agency for sea and inland water transport , aleksandr davydenko , said conditions in the kerch strait were worsening . twenty foot waves and winds gusting to mph were making the rescuers task difficult , davydenko said ."
emergencies ministry spokesman viktor beltsov says the volganeft was anchored near the port of kavkaz .
"at the moment specialists are trying to work out the size of the oil spill and the direction it s heading , he said . we will alert the respective ukrainian services if the spill moves in their direction ."
"near the city of sevastopol on the black sea , the storm wrecked a freighter carrying scrap metal ."
"two of its crew members were found alive , but others were missing ."
"north korean leader kim jong il is the most flexible man in the communist country , south korean president roh moo hyun said sunday as he recalled his summit last month with the reclusive leader ."
"after carrying out a nuclear test detonation last year , kim has moved toward dismantling north korea s nuclear program after receiving pledges of economic aid and political concessions ."
roh met kim in pyongyang in october only the second ever meeting between leaders of the two koreas since the peninsula s division after world war ii . the summit produced a wide ranging accord on promoting peace and expanding economic cooperation .
"though i did not have dialogues with many people in the north , i felt that chairman kim was the most flexible man , roh said in an interview with ktv , a government run cable channel , according to his office ."
"roh also described kim as an outspoken man , adding that kim was able to make flexible decisions on many practical issues . roh did not elaborate ."
"north korea has pledged to disable its nuclear facilities and declare all its nuclear programs by year s end in return for energy aid and political concessions from the u . s . , china , japan , south korea and russia ."
emirates airline said it signed a massive order for commercial aircraft with an option on more at the opening of the dubai airshow on sunday in deals worth over us billion .
"the contracts , which include firm orders for airbus and boeing airplanes as well as deals with engine manufacturers , are worth a total of us . billion , emirates said in a statement ."
the dubai based airlines said it was committing close to us billion overall with these deals if an option for additional planes is included .
"a police officer accidentally shot and killed a soccer fan sunday while trying to break up a fight between supporters of rival teams , authorities said ."
"enraged by the killing , hundreds of fans rioted in rome , attacking a police station ."
"fans stormed the yard of a police station near the rome s olympic stadium , hurled stones at passing police cars , and smashed windows at the nearby italian olympic committee headquarters ."
"hundreds of youths , many with their faces covered by scarves and ski masks , dragged metal barricades and trash bins to block off one end of a bridge spanning the tiber near the station ."
the rioters smashed a window in the police station and set a police vehicle on fire inside the gate .
sky tg tv showed images of flames from what it said was a bus set on fire near the barracks .
rome s police headquarters said the barracks was under attack but did not give details .
it said some arrests were made but did not give a number .
"the ansa news agency reported that at least police officers suffered injuries near the rome stadium , but police said there only a few injuries and they were minor ."
"rai state tv , reporting from the stadium , said one of its cameramen was injured as well as a cameraman for a private network ."
"in the tuscan town of arezzo , police chief vincenzo giacobbe said the fatal shooting of the fan was a tragic error that occurred when a police officer intervened in a scuffle between two groups of people along a tuscan highway ."
a u . n . human rights envoy arrived sunday in myanmar on a mission to get inside the country s prisons to determine the numbers of people killed and detained since the military regime s crackdown on pro democracy protesters .
"paulo sergio pinheiro , the u . n . s independent rights investigator for myanmar , had been barred from visiting the country since november ."
he has said he will abandon his visit unless he gets full support from the junta .
"pinheiro has submitted a proposed itinerary for his visit to the myanmar government , which was still being fine tuned , said aye win , a u . n . spokesman in myanmar ."
the junta has come under renewed international pressure after it crushed pro democracy demonstrations led by buddhist monks in september .
pinheiro has a history of prickly relations with the ruling generals .
he abruptly cut short a visit in march after finding a listening device in a room at a prison where he was interviewing political detainees .
"later that year , he accused the junta of making absurd excuses to keep political opponents in prison ."
"pinheiro s trip comes three days after the departure of u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari , who attempted during a six day visit to kick start talks between the junta and the pro democracy opposition ."
"as a result of gambari s trip , detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi was allowed friday to meet the leaders of her opposition party for the first time in three years ."
"london , england cnn prince harry and his zimbabwean born girlfriend have ended their three year romance , a newspaper reported sunday ."
the news of the world said chelsy davy who has been studying at a college in england while dating the prince broke off the relationship this week .
"clarence house , where prince harry lives with his father prince charles and his brother prince william , declined to confirm the report , saying it doesn t comment about the royals private lives ."
"prince harry , , graduated this year from britain s elite sandhust military academy after training to become an army officer ."
he hopes to one day serve on the front lines if called to wars such as the one being fought in afghanistan .
washington cnn global security experts expressed concern sunday that pakistan s nuclear arsenal could wind up in the hands of islamic radicals after president gen . pervez musharraf last weekend declared a state of emergency .
"this is a very dangerous situation , said john bolton , the former u . s . ambassador to the united nations ."
"but bolton told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that he would urge the united states to continue to back musharraf , whose government has received billion in u . s . aid since ."
"in the s , some of pakistan s nuclear labs were controlled by abdul qadeer khan considered responsible for leaking technology to libya , north korea and iran ."
musharraf announced in that he had pardoned khan .
"pakistan s nuclear stockpile may be technically secure , bolton said but the issue isn t whether the weapons are locked away . it s a political issue , the former u . s . ambassador said . if the military comes unstuck , if it divides , then the technical fixes won t protect those weapons ."
"musharraf is in a difficult spot , bolton said . even the military is filled with islamic fundamentalists that he s tried to keep in lower positions ."
"but they re pervasive , he said . and he doesn t have the flexibility of a real military dictator ."
bolton urged u . s . officials to consider more than whether pakistan is being ruled democratically . i d have to put securing those weapons at the top of our agenda .
"we don t want to see pakistan , with its bombs , fall into the hands of people like iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad and the mullahs ."
"they have not only the bomb , the thermonuclear device , they have the missile that can couple with the bomb , and it can fly all the way to the mediterranean ."
"but former deputy secretary of state richard armitage said pakistan s nuclear weapons are secure , and cautioned against overreacting ."
"that nuclear arsenal is , one , dispersed , and second , carefully guarded by the army , he told cnn . i think in the short or even medium term should things turn badly , we are not going to worry about nuclear weapons in the first instance ."
"perugia , italy cnn an american student has accused a congolese pub owner of knifing her british roommate to death , saying she covered her ears to drown out the screams , according to a judge s ruling friday ordering the woman , her italian boyfriend and the pub owner kept in jail ."
"knox , , raffaele sollecito , , and diya patrick lumumba , , have been detained since tuesday as suspects in the sexual assault and killing of meredith kercher , , who was found dead november ."
"all three deny involvement in the death , their lawyers say ."
"no charges have been filed , but judge claudia matteini ruled there were serious indications of guilt that warranted keeping the three in jail for up to a year while the investigation continues ."
"the page ruling said that knox , in her meetings with prosecutors , accused lumumba of killing kercher ."
"knox has confused memories , since she had taken hashish in the afternoon , the ruling read ."
but it said she told prosecutors lumumba had a crush on her roommate and he and the victim had gone into a bedroom to have sex .
"she made clear that in those moments . . . she heard meredith scream so much that she , being scared , covered her ears ."
"under italian law , suspects can be held without charge if a judge rules there is enough evidence to jail them and there is a chance they might flee , repeat the crime or tamper with evidence ."
prosecutors may later seek to indict the suspects and put them on trial .
the judge said in her ruling that the suspects might try to flee italy if released .
"kercher s body was found in the apartment she shared with knox , and police said she died fighting off a sexual attack ."
the coroner said kercher was stabbed in the neck .
"baghdad , iraq cnn an influential sunni sheikh active in the reconciliation movement against al qaeda in iraq died early thursday evening in a suicide attack in khalis , a village about miles km north of baghdad , police said ."
"sheikh fa ez al ubeid , head of khalis salvation council and deputy head of the diyala support council , was hosting a gathering at his home when the suicide attacker walked in and detonated his bomb , khalis police and the u . s . military said ."
the police said four other sunni tribal sheikhs were killed and three were wounded in the attack .
the military said two other iraqi civilians were killed and another was wounded .
the diyala support council is a group of sunni and shiite sheikhs working together in the province .
"beijing , china cnn a gas leak killed coal miners thursday in southwest china , while another six are missing and presumed dead , state media said ."
xinhua news agency said the accident happened at the qunli mine in nayong county in guizhou province .
"it said rescue workers had recovered bodies . fifty two miners were rescued , but one later died ."
the cause of the gas leak was not immediately known .
"the government warned recently that china s mining industry , the most dangerous in the world , would likely see more accidents as output was boosted to provide heating for the winter months ."
"china s coal mines average deaths a day in fires , explosions and floods , despite government efforts to improve safety ."
"in august , miners died when two mines flooded in eastern shandong province after heavy rains ."
"many of the accidents are blamed on mine owners who disregard safety rules and fail to invest in required ventilation , fire control and other equipment ."
a smaller number of police who had previously been outside her home providing security remained .
the lifting of the order came as pakistan suffered its first deadly blast since a declaration of emergency by president gen . pervez musharraf .
"the attack , possibly a suicide bomb , at the house of amir muqam , minister for political affairs in peshawar , northwestern pakistan killed four people friday , police told cnn . the minister escaped unharmed ."
earlier friday washington had called for restrictions on bhutto to be lifted .
"gordon johndroe , spokesman for the white house s national security council , said former prime minister bhutto and other political party members must be permitted freedom of movement and all protesters released . it is crucial for pakistan s future that moderate political forces work together to bring pakistan back on the path to democracy ."
"bhutto and her supporters had spent much of the day in a standoff against security forces , who placed barbed wire and barricades around her islamabad home , preventing her attending a planned rally banned by the government , she told cnn ."
riot police began beating bhutto s pakistan people s party supporters when around attempted to cut through the cordons of wire placed around her home .
"an armored car carrying bhutto approached the breach , where she speaking with a megaphone told several hundred police and security forces"
we are not the enemy give us way .
"bhutto told the security forces don t stop us , we are not the enemy ."
even you in uniform are my brothers .
"however , the security forces refused to back down or let her through , and bhutto returned to her home ."
bhutto was trying to leave her compound to attend a rally in nearby rawalpindi a city outside islamabad where pakistan s military is based against the state of emergency .
"but in rawalpindi pakistani security forces fired tear gas and wielded batons to disperse opposition supporters for defying a ban on public gatherings , police sources told cnn ."
kevin davies scored with eight minutes remaining to earn premier league strugglers bolton a superb uefa cup group f draw at bundesliga leaders bayern munich .
"bolton arrived in germany without the likes of star players nicolas anelka , el hadji diouf and ivan campo , but they started brightly and took a deserved eighth minute lead ."
on loan liverpool winger danny guthrie chipped the ball forward for ricardo gardner to fire home a deflected shot the jamaican international s first goal in nearly five years .
but bayern drew level a minute later when lukas podolski rifled a stunning shot into the corner of the net after frank ribery had pulled the ball back .
"bolton goalkeeper ali al habsi kept his team level with a string of fine saves , keeping out a ribery shot iin the th minute and blocking a deflected mark van bommel strike just before half time ."
"ribery was again the creator , cutting the ball back for podolski to score his second goal of the game from close range ."
"dubai , united arab emirates cnn a bridge under construction at a marina collapsed thursday , killing seven workers and injuring , nine critically , the head of dubai police said ."
"a crane operator at dubai marina made a mistake while trying to fix a steel board over a group of metallic pillars and accidentally knocked off one of the pillars , police said ."
that created a chain reaction that led to the bridge s collapse .
the incident triggered a miles long traffic jam as police and ambulances scrambled to reach the scene .
"while writers picket in hollywood and new york , the impact of a strike entering its fourth day was being felt beyond the east and west coasts ."
"in louisiana , crews on the set of k ville , a fox police drama set in post katrina new orleans , were filming the last episode written before the strike ."
"i think we were just starting to get on a roll , and hopefully the writers and the studios will figure it out in the next days to a month and a half ."
the strike was also playing havoc with another show on fox s schedule .
"in a press release , the network announced that s premiere , set for january , was being postponed to ensure that the seventh season can air uninterrupted , in its entirety ."
"meanwhile , writers returned to the picket lines after their strike forced at least eight prime time shows , including the popular nbc sitcom the office , to halt production ."
payments from dvds and shows offered on the internet .
"writers have not gone on strike since , when the walkout lasted weeks and cost the industry more than million ."
"london cnn barbara west dainton , believed to be one of the last two survivors from the sinking of the titanic in , has died in england at age ."
"dainton died oct . at a nursing home in camborne , england , according to peter visick , a distant relative ."
"her funeral was held monday at truro cathedral , visick said thursday ."
"elizabeth gladys millvina dean of southampton , england , who was months old at the time of the titanic sinking , is now the disaster s only remaining survivor , according to the titanic historical society ."
"the last american survivor , lillian gertrud asplund , died in massachusetts last year at age ."
"dainton , born in bournemouth in southern england in , was too young to remember the night when the huge liner hit an iceberg and sank in the atlantic in april , killing , people , including her father , edwy arthur west ."
he waved farewell as the lifeboat carrying barbara
"and her sister , constance , was lowered into the ocean , according to karen kamuda of the titanic historical society in indian orchard , mass ."
his body was never identified .
"the titanic did not have enough lifeboats for all of , passengers and crew ."
only a small number of those unable to find a place on the boats survived the freezing waters .
dainton returned to england after the accident .
she married in .
"she avoided publicity associated with the titanic and even insisted that her funeral take place before any public announcement of her death , kamuda said ."
"we re so open with everything and our emotions nowadays , but people at that time , they just didn t talk about it ."
"could it be otherwise with people , including a and year old , crowded into a rented four bedroom condo trying to eat breakfast and get ready to ski at the same time ?"
"but in the end , for my gang at least , these trips are well worth the trouble and are some of the best times our extended family has together ."
day one
"eva weinberg , , my cousin s daughter , has lost her fleece somewhere in the messy condo ."
we get to ski school and she s also lost her four day lift ticket .
the helpful crested butte staff issues another .
eva joins a teen group that consists of other middle schoolers from around the country .
"she s a little tentative , not having skied since last season , but the hip , young instructors put her at ease right away ."
"though this is a busy holiday weekend , crested butte isn t as crowded as the mega resorts it s only one fifth the size of vail which means the kids get more individual attention in ski school and day care ."
day two
"then i meet dan beck , ski instructor extraordinaire , who has been here for more than years ."
"i got injured last year and wonder if i should hang up my skis , but dan pooh poohs that notion and takes me up in the chairlift . spectacular vistas !"
"unlike other ski towns , crested butte is just a five minute free shuttle ride from the mountain easy for those toting young kids and safe for teens to explore on their own ."
let the pros teach the kids .
they ve had special training and know the terrain better than you could hope to .
"let us teach the kids and you go off and enjoy yourselves , he insists ."
we even have time to stop at the outdoor ice bar literally made of ice before we pick up the kids .
"destruction of indonesia s peatlands to make way for the production of palm oil is leading to a significant increase in greenhouse gas emissions , a problem that will get worse as demand for biofuel grows , greenpeace reported thursday ."
"the environmental group said indonesia s carbon rich peatlands are being razed , drained and burned to make way for plantations of oil palm trees , which are used for the production of palm oil ."
palm oil is used in food products ranging from potato chips to cream cheese and is also used for biofuel .
"the destruction of the peatlands releases . billion tons of greenhouse gas each year , greenpeace said ."
that figure represents percent of global emissions from an area representing . percent of the land on earth .
"we re talking about enormous carbon stores basically being released into the atmosphere when these forests are being burned and cleared , said andy tait , a forests campaigner for greenpeace"
tait said the razing of the peatlands is so destructive that the planting of palm oil trees cannot make up for the greenhouse gases emitted in the process .
"in a report released thursday titled cooking the climate , greenpeace also said only a third of the land cleared since has been planted with oil palm plantations . greenpeace said large food and consumer product companies including unilever , nestle ,"
and procter gamble are driving the peatland destruction because the companies account for a significant volume of global palm oil use .
"these companies , greenpeace said , are complicit in the expansion of palm oil at the expense of indonesia s peatlands ."
"in response to the report , procter gamble said it is committed to sustainable palm oil and shares guidelines on sustainability to its suppliers ."
there s a petite new contender ready to tackle america s problems of foreign oil dependency and urban congestion .
meet the smart car
"an ultra compact , mercedes designed , head turning little vehicle that s been negotiating traffic and squeezing into impossibly tiny spaces in europe for almost a decade ."
"but choking traffic and rising gas prices have changed that , she said ."
the smart is expected to get at least miles per gallon .
but fuel economy may be an afterthought for some buyers .
many are simply expected to purchase the car for the wow factor once it hits dealerships in january .
"you get something that looks totally different than anything else on the road , said csaba csere , editor in chief of car and driver magazine . so if you kind of want to be looked at and want to be the first on your block with the new hardware , the smart does that ."
"but csere advised prospective smart car buyers to take a realistic look at their driving habits . i would make sure that a car this small will meet your needs , csere said ."
"if your driving is mostly on city streets or maybe city freeways , the car is going to be fine . but this is not a car that you want to do long distances in on the highway ."
the automotive web site edmunds . com had a similar verdict .
"as a second , commuting only car , it s wonderful , but those with room for only one vehicle in the garage may want to consider a larger subcompact or compact car , the edmunds . com review said ."
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke told congress thursday that the central bank is keeping a close eye on the subprime mortgage crisis as well as the recent spike in oil prices .
"bernanke , testifying before congress joint economic committee , said that since the fed last met on oct . and decided to cut interest rates , financial market volatility and strains have persisted ."
"incoming information on the performance of mortgage related assets has intensified investors concerns about credit market developments and the implications of the downturn in the housing market for economic growth , bernanke said in his prepared remarks ."
he also expressed concern that the rise in energy prices oil is now trading at about a barrel could lead to both higher inflation and weaker levels of economic growth .
"in addition , further sharp increases in crude oil prices have put renewed upward pressure on inflation , and may impose further restraint on economic activity ."
"the fed cut the federal funds rate , a key short term interest rate , by a quarter of a percentage point on oct . , citing an intensification in the housing market s weakness ."
but the central bank also hinted in its statement that it may not cut rates again at its next meeting on dec . since it felt that strains in financial markets have eased somewhat .
the dow jones industrial average plummeted points on wednesday due to credit market fears the fifth largest decline this year .
"under intense international pressure to restore democracy in pakistan , president gen . pervez musharraf announced thursday that parliamentary elections will be held by feb . and restated his pledge to step down as the country s military leader ."
"elections , originally set for mid january , had been suspended along with the country s constitution after musharraf declared a state of emergency on saturday ."
"his opponents , the target of widespread arrests and detentions , say it amounts to martial law in pakistan ."
"the state of emergency will remain in place for at least a month , chaudhry shujaat hussain , president of the ruling pakistan muslim league , told cnn thursday . in addition , pakistan s government thursday began lifting the media blackout imposed as part of the emergency order , allowing cnn and british broadcasting corporation bbc back on the air ."
the white house called musharraf s announcement a positive first step .
"we think it is a good thing that president musharraf has clarified the election date for the pakistani people , white house spokeswoman dana perino said"
musharraf is under tremendous pressure by the united states and other foreign allies to end the state of emergency and set a date for elections .
president bush said that he delivered that message personally to musharraf during a wednesday phone call .
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea expressed gratitude to the united states thursday for helping one of its ships repel pirates , the latest sign of improving relations between the longtime foes as the north scales back its nuclear program ."
"the u . s . navy s help last week to north korean crewmen fighting off somali pirates was unprecedented in the half century of hostility between the cold war foes , a spokesman for the naval historical center in washington said ."
the navy boarded the north korean ship dai hong dan to provide medical assistance at the crew s invitation after the crew had overpowered and detained pirates in the waters off somalia .
"in the struggle against terrorism , and pledged to work with the international community to fight terrorism ."
"the pirates recent armed attack on our trading ship was a grave terrorist act perpetrated against a peaceful ship , kcna said . we feel grateful to the united states for its assistance given to our crewmen ."
"jack green , a spokesman at the naval historical center in washington , says the u . s . help to north korea at sea was unprecedented in recent history ."
"they have had cold relationships between the two since the seizing of the uss pueblo , green said . the u . s . is committed to keeping freedom of the seas for all users regardless of our relations , regardless of the owner all the vessels . it has to do with the navy s strategy on maritime security ."
"in last week s incident , kcna said seven pirates disguised as guards boarded the north korean vessel on october and demanded the sailors pay them , and move the ship to the waters they want ."
"kcna said the uss james e . williams and a helicopter rushed to the scene and helped the sailors in fighting , threatening the pirates over walkie talkie ."
the kcna dispatch was the first reaction from north korea .
"cnn sixty six passengers and crew were transferred to shore on coast guard vessels after their cruise ship was run aground off virginia on thursday , u . s . coast guard officials and the cruise ship company told cnn ."
"the spirit of nantucket hit something in the intracoastal waterway around a . m . et and soon began taking on water , according to the law firm representing the cruise ship company , cruise west ."
"once the captain noticed that the vessel was taking on water , he made the decision . . . to run it aground , petty officer chris evanson of the coast guard said on cnn s newsroom ."
"the ship was on a day cruise from alexandria , virginia , to charleston , south carolina , evanson said ."
"the ship eased onto a mud shoal at the shoreline about miles south of the elizabeth river near norfolk , virginia , while damage was assessed , the company statement said ."
"all the passengers and crew on the ship were ferried by coast guard vessels to a nearby landing and taken to a hotel , the statement said ."
"no injuries were reported , evanson said , and the company said guests ate breakfast while the coast guard readied their departure ."
"coast guard vessels from portsmouth , virginia , and elizabeth city , north carolina , as well as police and fire units from virginia beach , responded to the scene , evanson said ."
"the cruise ship is lodged about miles into the waterway from the atlantic ocean , he said ."
"tbilisi , georgia cnn georgia s pro western president said thursday the country would hold early presidential elections in january to defuse a crisis fueled by protests against him ."
"president mikhail saakashvili also promised to lift within days the nationwide state of emergency that he had imposed late wednesday after a violent crackdown on anti government protesters , saying the situation in georgia is quickly stabilizing ."
"the election had been due to take place in late , but saakashvili said it would now be scheduled for jan . to receive the trust of the people ."
troops armed with hard rubber clubs were patrolling the center of the georgian capital to enforce the state of emergency .
"hundreds of the khaki uniformed interior ministry officers flooded tbilisi s main thoroughfare , the site of the main protests by demonstrators calling for the u . s . backed saakashvili to resign ."
"the riot police responded to the demonstrators with tear gas , rubber bullets and water cannons ."
"saakashvili defended the use of force , saying it was necessary to prevent the former soviet republic from sliding into chaos as it moves toward integration with the west ."
"the american educated saakashvili , who is trying to shake off centuries of russian influence and integrate the ex soviet republic with the west , accused moscow of fomenting the protests and expelled three russian diplomats ."
"georgian health officials said people sought medical treatment after the clashes , including police officers , and remained hospitalized thursday ."
the interior ministry said protesters were detained .
classes in schools and universities in tbilisi were suspended for two days .
"normally noisy , bustling rustaveli avenue was quiet ."
"tuusula , finland cnn flags in finland were flying at half staff thursday and government workers observed three minutes of silence a day after a teenager opened fire at his high school , killing eight people before fatally turning the gun on himself ."
police said the victims all of whom were from the school were apparently picked at random .
"six were students , one was the year old school headmistress and one was the year old school nurse ."
ten other people were wounded in the attack .
"jokela high school was closed for the rest of the week , but some of the students gathered there overnight and into thursday , crying and lighting candles for the victims ."
"police identified the gunman as pekka eric auvinen , a senior at the high school in the southern finnish town of tuusula , about miles north of helsinki ."
auvinen died at a helsinki hospital late wednesday of a self inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
"police said all of his victims had multiple gunshot wounds , most to the upper body and head ."
police said they found shells and more than unused bullets at the scene .
"haapala said everything suggested auvinen wanted the massacre to be as spectacular as possible , according to stt ."
"at a news conference thursday , police said auvinen had sprayed a flammable liquid , possibly lamp oil , on the walls of the school and that he tried but failed to light it ."
"a search of his house turned up books and the gunman s writings , which suggest he had very strong opinions against society , police said ."
president tarja halonen called the attack shocking and tragic .
"cnn myanmar s pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi is ready to cooperate with the government and is committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta , according to a statement the united nations special envoy to myanmar read thursday on her behalf ."
"it is my duty to give constant and serious considerations to the interests and opinions of as broad a range of political organizations and forces as possible , ibrahim gambari said , reading the statement from suu kyi ."
but the nobel peace prize winner said she will continue to be guided by the policies and wishes of the opposition political party she heads the national league for democracy .
"in the statement , suu kyi also welcomed the appointment of aung kyi as the minister of relations , a position the junta created last month to be a liaison between government and suu kyi , whom the junta has under house arrest in yangon ."
she has been confined to her home for the better part of almost two decades .
aung kyi viewed as a moderate was appointed as the liaison officer amid international pressure following september s bloody crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations .
"as many as people are believed to have been killed in the violence , including buddhist monks ."
"the protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated ."
"myanmar s military junta said in mid october that it had detained more than , people during the crackdown ."
many of them are still believed to be in custody .
"suu kyi described her october meeting with the liaison officer as constructive , said the statement read by gambari ."
i look forward to further regular discussions .
"gambari said he will return this week to new york to brief u . n . secretary general ban ki moon on the five day trip to myanmar , also called burma ."
"rome , italy cnn police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said ."
"eleven of the arrests were in italy , in the northern cities of milan , reggio emilia , bergamo , and san remo , said . lt . col . sandro sandulli , the head of the carabinieri special forces ."
"three arrests were in britain , one in france , and one in portugal , sandulli said ."
"those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col . mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit ."
"parente said that during the arrests , police found al qaeda manuals for the production of explosives , detonation devices , and various poisons ."
he said the manuals also included details of guerrilla style war operations .
"salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london ."
"italian police said tuesday s arrests were the result of an investigation , started in , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians ."
"the main suspect in the operation is a tunisian who was arrested in during a separate antiterrorism operation , police said ."
the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a long term jihadist program which provided military and ideological training .
"another cell , based in reggio emilia , had the goal of creating a grand islamic empire stretching from morocco to china , police said ."
serena williams was forced to quit her opening match at the season ending wta championships against russian anna chakvetadze with a knee injury on wednesday .
american williams was treated by the tournament doctor before the start of the ninth game and pulled out having lost the first set in madrid .
"the fifth ranked williams has reached the final in all three previous appearances at the event , which features the top eight players ."
"earlier defending champion justine henin cruised past jelena jankovic , breaking serve six times to win her nd straight match ."
i was much better today than yesterday . i was in a good rhythm and much more aggressive .
later wednesday ana ivanovic takes on daniela hantuchova .
"norfolk , virginia cnn to all those people who blurt out wow , you re tall !"
as they stare up at george bell
he knows .
"and now , the world will know , too ."
"the lanky , foot norfolk sheriff s deputy is being recognized thursday by guinness world records as the tallest man in the united states ."
"that makes him inches taller than the nba s current tallest player , yao ming , but too short to be the world s tallest living man ."
"he stands below , according to guinness , ukraine s foot . leonid stadnyk and china s bao xi shun , who is feet . inches ."
"bell wears size shoes , pants with a inch inseam and shirts with inch sleeves ."
"he did play basketball , in college and with the harlem wizards and harlem globetrotters show teams ."
and as for how he feels about being so tall ?
"i have no choice but to like it , bell , , said in an interview with the associated press ."
"bell was to be revealed as america s tallest man on abc s good morning america on thursday , when , people worldwide were expected to celebrate guinness world records day by attempting to set records of their own ."
guinness began searching for america s tallest man in august .
"bell s ex wife registered him online , and guinness spokesman stuart claxton said bell s doctor documented his height ."
"the guinness record book now lists only the tallest man in the world , but bell will be noted along with the tallest men in several other countries in the edition to be published next year ."
"london , england cnn britain s queen elizabeth ii opened the country s parliament tuesday in a traditional ceremony ."
"the occasion is considered the uk s most important constitutional event of the year and is steeped in history , tradition , and regalia ."
"amid pomp and ceremony , the queen was escorted by members of the household cavalry riding white horses and wearing their distinctive gold colored helmets with tall red plumes ."
"the speech is actually written by the government and approved by the cabinet , symbolizing the right of lawmakers to debate without interference from the monarch ."
"as a result , the queen confirms key bills and measures , rather than announcing them ."
"there were few surprises in this year s speech , since prime minister gordon brown already laid out his legislative agenda after he took office in june ."
tackling climate change was a key part of the agenda .
it also wants to introduce a new system of five year carbon budgets and the creation of a climate change advisory committee .
"my government is committed to protecting the environment and to tackling climate change , both at home and abroad , the queen said . a bill will be brought forward to make the united kingdom the first country in the world to introduce a legally binding framework to reduce carbon dioxide emissions ."
"to help battle traffic congestion , which the government predicts will rise by percent over the next eight years , local planners will have more freedom and flexibility to design public transportation networks which suit their individual needs ."
"as part of tougher measures against terrorist suspects , the government wants to strengthen the monitoring of terrorists after their release from prison and enable police to question suspects after they ve been charged ."
iran s nuclear program dominated the list of international concerns .
"my government will continue to work with the united nations , g and european union to prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction , including addressing international concerns over iran s nuclear intentions , the queen said ."
"the government s desire to work with the iraqi government on reconciliation and reconstruction , continued support for the afghan government against extremism and the narcotics trade , and britain s strong commitment to achieving peace between the israelis and palestinians ."
new york cnn michael jackson knows his reputation as a freak but just ignores it .
"i don t pay attention to that , the year old singer tells ebony magazine ."
"jackson , a twice divorced father of three , says he hasn t changed all that much since releasing his blockbuster album thriller nearly years ago ."
"that michael is probably the same michael here , he says in the magazine s december issue , on newsstands monday . i just wanted to get certain things accomplished first ."
"but i always had this tug in the back of my head , the things i wanted to do , to raise children , have children . i m enjoying it very much ."
jackson says success came with a lot of pain .
"i always want to do music that influences and inspires each generation , he says ."
"paul mccartney , who is in the midst of a bitter divorce from his second wife , has been photographed kissing another woman in the hamptons ."
"shevell , estranged wife of prominent nassau county lawyer bruce a . blakeman , has a home in the long island resort , as does the former beatle ."
she was appointed to the mta board by then gov .
george e . pataki in .
"shevell is also a vice president of new england motor freight inc . , a new jersey firm run by her father , mike shevell ."
the sun said mccartney and shevell were spotted at a sushi restaurant in amagansett and at an outdoor cafe .
mccartney is divorcing heather mills mccartney .
"his first wife , linda , died of breast cancer in ."
detailed plans for the stadium which will host the olympic games in london were unveiled by organizers on wednesday .
"million . billion and will be scaled down to a , capacity venue after the games with its main use for athletics ."
"in unveiling today s images i want that to be the unveiling of a journey for the next five years , said former olympic champion sebastian coe , head of the london organizing committee , at a press conference ."
"the stadium , which will have a roof covering about two thirds of the seating areas , is surrounded by water on three sides ."
construction will begin next year and finish by the summer of .
"a u . n . special envoy will meet myanmar s detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi on thursday , the united nations said , the last day of the envoy s frustrating mission to try to ease the country s political crisis ."
but hopes for a breakthrough by the envoy ibrahim gambari dimmed wednesday after the military government rejected proposed talks with suu kyi .
"gambari has also failed to meet the country s most powerful figure , junta chief senior gen . than shwe ."
"the six day visit is gambari s second to myanmar , also called burma , since the military killed at least protesters in late september and arrested thousands of people ."
"gambari was scheduled to spend time with suu kyi , senior members of her national league for democracy party , other opposition politicians and u . n . workers on thursday , the u . n . said in a statement released wednesday ."
"prime minister thein sein and gambari held detailed discussions wednesday on ways to improve myanmar s cooperation with the u . n . and address the country s socioeconomic , political and human rights issues in the wake of the crisis , the u . n . statement said ."
"between the junta and suu kyi to start without delay as an indispensable part of any process of national reconciliation , as well as a lifting of restrictions on suu kyi and all political prisoners , the statement said ."
"three children have been hospitalized over the past days after swallowing beads from bindeez , named australia s toy of the year at an industry function earlier this year ."
"spin master ltd . , a toronto based toy company that distributes a similar line of toys for moose enterprises under the name aqua dots , said it is requesting all stores remove the product from shelves in north america ."
it could not immediately be learned whether aqua dots are made in the same factories as the bindeez product .
"but in a statement , spin master said that out of an abundance of caution , it stopped shipping the item and was working with the consumer product safety commission and health canada ."
scientists say the beads contain a chemical that the human body metabolizes into the so called date rape drug gamma hydroxy butyrate .
"the new south wales state minister for fair trading , linda burney , ordered the toys pulled from store shelves tuesday when it was learned a year old boy and a year old girl were admitted to a sydney hospital after swallowing large quantities of the beads ."
"a month old toddler from queensland also was receiving medical help after eating the beads , the state s chief health officer , jeannette young , told the australian broadcasting corp ."
"a statement from the new south wales fair trading department said the product was supposed to use a nontoxic compound used in glue , but it contained the harmful chemical instead ."
cnn growing tensions between russia and the former soviet republic of georgia reached a new stage wednesday as georgian president mikhail saakashvili declared a nationwide state of emergency and expelled several russian diplomats .
"the emergency decree , which must go before parliament for ratification , was part of an effort to quell violent anti government protests that saakashvili blamed on russian officials ."
"if approved , it would place media outlets under government control , and clamp down on demonstrations ."
"earlier wednesday , security forces used water cannons and tear gas against the crowds in the capital , tbilisi ."
hospital officials said about people were injured in scuffles with police .
"tens of thousands of georgians began protesting against saakashvili last friday , seeking to oust him ."
the demonstrations are the largest in georgia since the rose revolution that swept pro western saakashvili to power .
"this bloody action of the government will cause the new wave of the mass protest in this country , which may lead to the end of this government , an opposition leader said ."
"protesters accuse the president of corruption , authoritarianism and failing to tackle poverty ."
"saakashvili has denied the charges , and accused russian leaders of fomenting the political crisis ."
"but the kremlin dismissed saakashvili s actions and comments as anti russia hysteria , according to the russian news agency interfax ."
saakashvili was swept to power on a promise to tackle corruption in the former soviet satellite state .
"however , the country is still struggling to recover from years of post soviet economic decay , instability and civil war ."
"helsinki , finland cnn an year old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said ."
the shooting appeared to have been planned out in graphic videos posted on internet file sharing site youtube .
"at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school s headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around kilometers miles north of helsinki ."
ten other people were taken to a hospital with minor injuries .
"the shooter , whom police identified as pekka eric auvinen , died at toolo hospital , authorities said ."
police said he took his own life .
police said auvinen is from tuusula and who acted alone .
"he had no previous criminal record and had never threatened anyone from the school before , they added ."
"youtube appeared to have removed videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident ."
"finnish media reported someone posted a message two weeks ago on the web site , warning of a bloodbath at the school ."
"a video posted earlier wednesday , by sturmgeist , was titled jokela high school massacre ."
"sturmgeist identified himself as auvinen , and said he chose the name sturmgeist because it means storm spirit in german ."
"the video showed a picture of the school , which then disintegrated to reveal two images of auvinen against a red background , pointing a gun at the screen ."
the police said at this afternoon s press conference that they had been fired at when they arrived at the school at . p . m . local time . a . m . gmt .
"they described the scene as chaotic , with some of the students , ranging in age from to , breaking windows in an attempt to escape ."
when the police s special swat unit entered the high school they found the gunman unconscious and in critical condition in the lower lobby of the building with a gunshot wound to his head .
police assume he tried to take his own life as no officers fired at him .
"several bodies were also found in the same location , where the shooting is believed to have begun , they added ."
"police also said that the gun auvinen used , which was fully licensed , had been purchased less than a month ago on october ."
"the legal age limit to own a gun in finland is , which auvinen passed in june of this year ."
"he had a recommendation from a shooting club when he obtained the gun , police added , and practiced sharp shooting as a hobby at a shooting range ."
"pakistani police wednesday used tear gas on a group of journalists and supporters gathered outside parliament for a demonstration organized by former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources told cnn ."
"hundreds of people took part in the demonstration , and many remain outside parliament , the sources said ."
video showed pakistani forces in uniform with shields and sticks trying to move a razor wire barricade surrounding the protesters .
other police fired tear gas canisters into the air .
"some of the demonstrators clapped and and chanted slogans , while others raised their bhutto posters into the air ."
"before the clashes began , bhutto said members of her political party were arrested across pakistan on wednesday without any provocation ."
"at a news conference , bhutto called on the people of pakistan to join protests against president gen . pervez musharraf s statewide emergency rule and his suspension of the country s constitution . watch bhutto talk about the crisis raquo"
"bhutto also is calling for a massive rally on friday , but a spokesman for musharraf s government warned that such a demonstration is outlawed under the emergency measures ."
authorities in punjab province have already barred a rally by bhutto s pakistan people s party .
a spokesman for the government said that large public gatherings are generally inadvisable and the political parties should refrain from holding public meetings and rallies .
"gunmen opened fire on students returning from a march wednesday in which , people denounced president hugo chavez s attempts to expand his power ."
terrified students ran through the campus as ambulances arrived .
"national guard troops gathered outside the central university of venezuela , the nation s largest and a center for opposition to chavez s government ."
"venezuelan law bars state security forces from entering the campus , but luis acuna , the minister of higher education , said they could be called in if the university requests them ."
"earlier , rivero said he had been informed that one person had died in the violence ."
the violence broke out after anti chavez demonstrators led by university students marched peacefully to the supreme court to protest constitutional changes that venezuelans will consider in a december referendum .
"the amendments would abolish presidential term limits , give the president control over the central bank and let him create new provinces governed by handpicked officials ."
"the protesters demand the referendum be suspended , saying the amendments would weaken civil liberties in one of south america s oldest democracies and give chavez unprecedented power to declare states of emergency ."
president bush and french president nicolas sarkozy on wednesday called on pakistani president gen . pervez musharraf to hold planned elections and to step down from the military .
"the united states wants you to have the elections as scheduled , and i want you to take the uniform off , bush said of his telephone conversation with musharraf earlier in the day ."
"on saturday , musharraf imposed an emergency order in the country suspending the constitution and arresting hundreds of human rights activists and lawyers in what he said was a necessary move to fight terrorism ."
"this is a country of million people , which happens to have nuclear weapons ."
"this is very important for us that one day , we shouldn t wake up with a government , an administration in pakistan which is in the hands of the extremists ."
"responding to a reporter s question about the absence of iraq in his speech to congress earlier in the day , sarkozy said he sent his foreign minister there recently to show solidarity with the iraqi people ."
"france wants a united iraq . it s in no one s interest to see iraq dismantled , the french president said ."
"in his speech to a joint meeting of congress , the french president promised to stand firm with washington on the war in afghanistan and against iran s nuclear program ."
"rafael benitez s side , beaten by the turks two weeks ago , surpassed the seven unopposed goals that arsenal put past slavia prague a fortnight ago and that juventus netted against olympiakos in ."
but liverpool will now be massively boosted after ending a run of poor form which has also dented their english premier league title hopes .
steven gerrard scored the other .
"chad johnson has found about diamonds at crater of diamonds state park , but on monday he nearly threw away his largest find yet ."
"a cube shaped rock plucked out of his sifters turned out to be a . carat , tea colored diamond ."
"johnson , , made the dig saturday at the park and left his equipment in a locker ."
"crater of diamonds state park , which opened in , is the world s only diamond producing site open to the public , and visitors can keep the gems they unearth ."
"the largest diamond found at the park was the . carat amarillo starlight , a white diamond found in ."
johnson s find is the second largest diamond uncovered at the park this year .
"in june , a louisiana man found a . carat stone . more than diamonds have been found there this year ."
park officials declined to speculate how much money johnson could get for the diamond .
"johnson suggested he expects much more than what he is used to getting . if someone offers me that much money , it s theirs , johnson said ."
"bad reputations tend to stick , even with foods ."
"continued negative press about a fruit , vegetable , or beverage is enough reason for many of us to banish it ."
"take avocados and peanuts , for example ."
not too long ago they wore a big scarlet f for too much fat .
"yet as peanuts and avocados sat languishing on many people s bad for you lists , researchers discovered that the fat in these two foods , mostly the monounsaturated kind , is extremely good for the heart and for health in general ."
"for the common mushroom , the bad reputation is a tad subtler . it s not perceived as unhealthy ."
"but it is often dismissed as diet food , low in calories but with little to brag about nutritionally ."
"now that scientists are looking beneath the surface at mushrooms , avocados , and peanuts as well as once maligned eggs and coffee redeeming qualities for each of these five foods are coming to light ."
. peanut butter
at least five major studies confirm that eating peanuts can lower risk for coronary heart disease . so it s no leap to think that peanut butter confers the same benefits .
"suffice it to say that eating peanut butter or peanuts has been associated with lower total cholesterol , lower ldl or bad cholesterol , and lower triglycerides , all of which are associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk , says richard mattes , ph . d . , r . d . , a professor of nutrition at purdue university ."
. eggs
why they re good for you
eggs contain a variety of substances that appear to promote good health .
"choline , a nutrient that is critical to brain function , is one example ."
"eggs , it seems , are one of the richest food sources of choline ."
scientists at the university of north carolina find adding choline to the diets of pregnant animals improves memory performance in their offspring .
. coffee
the only thing you get from drinking coffee is a caffeine buzz . why it s good for you
the average cup of coffee has hundreds of different chemical compounds .
some arizona researchers recently discovered that caffeinated coffee helps improve memory in older adults .
. avocado
i shouldn t eat avocados because they re high in fat .
"a lot of attention centers on the fact that avocados are rich in monounsaturated fat , the heart healthy kind ."
yet scientists are now more interested in the active compounds in avocados that might help prevent cancer .
one recent study found that those compounds can inhibit the growth of prostate cancer cells in the laboratory .
. mushrooms
mushrooms are a low calorie food with little nutritional benefit .
"they may be percent water and have only calories per cup , but mushrooms are getting serious scientific attention ."
a suicide bombing in afghanistan that killed at least people and a pipeline attack in yemen also helped push prices higher .
"u . s . light crude for december delivery gained . to settle at . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange , surpassing the previous closing high of . set friday ."
"crude , already up more than in morning trade , rose further after the energy information administration issued a report showing worldwide demand unchanged , despite high prices ."
eia said the forecast for oil use growth worldwide in was unchanged at . million barrels per day .
this was despite the fact prices have risen percent .
"the agency said world oil use would grow by . million barrels per day in the current quarter , slightly below previous estimates due to a drop in u . s . demand ."
the world currently consumes about . million barrels of oil a day .
"total u . s . petroleum consumption is expected to increase by . percent in and percent in , despite the higher oil and petroleum product prices ."
continued economic growth and forecasted colder average temperatures this winter than last winter could combine to push demand higher .
eia estimates oil prices in the fourth quarter to average a barrel .
"nashville , tennessee cnn if the country music association was going to set up a special dressing room for its entertainer of the year nominees , it would do well to put in a couple of leather couches , a box of cigars , espn on the tube and a sign on the door proclaiming , men only ."
all five nominees seven if you count rascal flatts as three instead of one are men .
"it was the same last year and the year before that , and the year before that ."
"one has to go all the way back to , when the dixie chicks were nominated , to find a woman on the list ."
"by at least one measure , country fans aren t pleased ."
"a national survey conducted recently by country music television found that percent of respondents thought women should have been included in this year s entertainer category , with carrie underwood and faith hill the two favorites ."
"entertainer of the year is the cma s top award and is influenced by tour success as well as by album sales , hit songs and other achievements ."
the awards will be handed out wednesday night in nashville and broadcast live by abc .
"most years the nominees are veteran acts , or at least established stars who ve paid their dues ."
"this year s nominees are kenny chesney , brad paisley , rascal flatts , george strait and keith urban the same lineup as last year when chesney won , except that brooks dunn were in the mix instead of strait ."
"the absence of women may be more glaring this year because another key category , album of the year , also is without a single female artist ."
"knoxville , tennessee cnn a comet that unexpectedly brightened in the last couple of weeks and is now visible to the naked eye is attracting professional and amateur interest ."
"paul lewis , director of astronomy outreach at the university of tennessee , is drawing students to the roof of the nielsen physics building for special viewings of comet p holmes ."
"the comet is exploding and its coma , a cloud of gas and dust illuminated by the sun , has grown to be bigger than the planet jupiter ."
"the comet lacks the tail usually associated with such celestial bodies but can be seen in the northern sky , in the constellation perseus , as a fuzzy spot of light about as bright as the stars in the big dipper ."
"this is truly a celestial surprise , lewis said . absolutely amazing ."
"until october , the comet had been visible to modern astronomers only with a telescope , but that night it suddenly erupted and expanded ."
a similar burst in led to the comet s discovery by edwin holmes .
"this is a once in a lifetime event to witness , along the lines of when comet shoemaker levy smashed into jupiter back in , lewis said ."
"scientists speculate the comet has exploded because there are sinkholes in its nucleus , giving it a honeycomb like structure ."
experts aren t sure how long the comet s show will last but estimate it could be weeks if not months .
"using a telescope or binoculars help bring the comet s details into view , they said ."
"cape town , south africa cnn sudan has asked south africa to mediate on darfur , the south african foreign minister said tuesday as attempts to end a conflict that has killed more than , and forced . million from their homes appeared to founder ."
"foreign minister nkosazana dlamini zuma said sudanese president omar al bashir made the request to his south african counterpart thabo mbeki at a meeting tuesday , a day after a spokesman for u . n . and african union mediators pressed darfur rebels to come to peace talks in libya ."
un au brokered talks opened late last month in the libyan coastal town of sirte without several prominent rebel leaders .
"days later , a sudanese government official said the talks would be postponed until december ."
"at u . n . headquarters monday , ahmad fawzi , spokesman for the un au mediation team , said the absence of several rebel leaders was disappointing , and pressed them to join the process ."
"they are the beneficiaries of this process , and they owe it to their people to come up with a unified position , fawzi said ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn baton wielding police fought with lawyers outside courthouses in islamabad and lahore again tuesday , arresting dozens more as they enforced pakistani president pervez musharraf s crackdown on judicial activism ."
"three days after musharraf suspended the constitution and declared a state of emergency , pakistan s judicial system is in lockdown , with thousands of lawyers jailed and many judges detained in their homes ."
former prime minister benazir bhutto arrived in islamabad from karachi on tuesday for meetings with other opposition leaders about how to respond to musharraf s declaration .
"in a telephone call , former chief justice iftikhar muhammed chaudhry fired by musharraf on saturday urged a gathering of lawyers to go to every corner of pakistan and give the message that this is the time to sacrifice ."
"asked if he had a message for musharraf , he told cnn international , he should restore the judiciary , which was working independently in this country for the strengthening of the institution of democracy ."
"about , pakistani lawyers , rounded up since saturday , sit in jails across the country with no courts operating to which they can appeal for release ."
"pakistan has an estimated , lawyers ."
"police earned cash bonuses for beating and arresting hundreds of lawyers monday who had gathered outside of lahore s courthouse , police sources said ."
"any lawyer who attempted to enter the lahore or islamabad courthouse tuesday was immediately arrested , witnesses said ."
"some were grabbed by police as they walked toward the court , sources said ."
"don t be afraid of anything , chaudhry told the lawyers gathered in islamabad . god will help us and the day will come when you ll see the constitution supreme and no dictatorship for a long time ."
"chaudhry , who was reinstated to the court in july , has led key rulings that have weakened musharraf s grip on power ."
"six u . s . troops were killed in iraq on monday , making the deadliest for the american military in the iraq war ."
"the grim record came despite lower death rates in recent months , which were not enough to offset death tolls that topped during three months in the spring ."
four soldiers were killed when a roadside bomb exploded near their vehicle in northern iraq s tameem province another died in combat in anbar province .
"a sailor was killed in salaheddin province as a result of injuries sustained from an explosion while conducting operations , the military said ."
"according to a cnn count of pentagon figures , u . s . service members have died so far in ."
"the next highest death toll was in , when were killed ."
"the total number of u . s . military deaths in iraq stands at , , including seven civilian contractors of the defense department ."
"deaths in january , in february and in march ."
"numbers peaked in the next three months , with deaths in april , in may and in june ."
"the numbers have dropped from that level since with in july , in august , in september , in october and so far in november ."
"civilian deaths have also dropped in recent months , u . s . and iraqi authorities say ."
the iraq war began in march of and in that year there were u . s . military deaths .
"madrid , spain cnn dozens of migrants trying to reach europe spent three weeks at sea off west africa s coast and threw nearly bodies overboard after their vessel lost power and supplies dwindled , officials said tuesday ."
"the boat , which set out from senegal with as many as people and apparently traveled hundreds of miles , was found tuesday by a mauritanian patrol boat , a spanish civil guard official said ."
it was one of the highest death tolls this year among africans trying to escape poverty and reach europe s southern gateway .
"when the vessel was found , there were people aboard and two dead bodies , the official said under department rules barring her name from being published ."
"in mauritania , officials agreed that there were survivors , but otherwise offered slightly different numbers ."
"yahfdhou ould amar , chief of police for the northern port city of nouadhibou , said people died in the voyage presumably from hunger , cold and thirst ."
"the boat apparently set sail from southern senegal on october with people aboard and its motor failed last week off morocco s coast , much further to the north ."
"it was unclear if the boat then turned around or just drifted southward before being intercepted tuesday , amar said ."
"the survivors were exhausted , and many appeared to be in shock , said mohamed ould hamada , head of the mauritanian branch of the red cross in nouadhibou ."
he said the u . n . and other international groups had dispatched teams to help the survivors .
"most of the group were senegalese , along with some from mali , guinea bissau and gambia , hamada said ."
they told relief workers that the captain of the boat had perished .
"hundreds of migrants seeking a better life in europe die each year while attempting to reach spain by sailing in simple wooden fishing boats from west africa to spain s canary islands , just off morocco s coast ."
the trip often takes more than a week .
spain says increased air and sea surveillance of africa s coast has led to a sharp drop in the number of people attempting the journey .
"at least people including three children and six members of parliament have been killed in a suicide bombing at a sugar factory in northern afghanistan , the hospital chief in that province told cnn ."
"other reports from the region said as many as people were killed or wounded in the blast , and the numbers were expected to rise ."
"the associated press put the death toll at , making tuesday s attack in baghlan province the deadliest in afghanistan since the taliban was overthrown by a u . s . led coalition in ."
afghan president hamid karzai condemned the attack in a statement issued by his spokesman and expressed his deep sorrow at the martyrdom of a number of afghan mps .
"this heinous act of terrorism is against islam and humanity and i condemn it in the strongest possible terms , karzai said . it is the work of the enemies of peace and security in afghanistan ."
"among the lawmakers listed as dead in the president s statement is mustafa kazemi , the former commerce minister and spokesman for the opposition , who is also a top warlord in the region ."
"school children had lined the route where up to national lawmakers and dozens more local dignitaries walked on their way to the factory when the blast went off , prompting local officials to believe that children may be among the dead and wounded ."
the visit was part of an economic assistance plan for the northeastern province .
"interior ministry spokesman zemeri bashary blamed the attack , according to ap , on the enemy of afghanistan , the enemy of the people of afghanistan , a term often used to refer to taliban militants ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy arrived tuesday in washington ahead of a planned address to congress , the first by a french leader in years ."
"his speech wednesday to a joint meeting of congress will come amid improved relations between the united states and france , something sarkozy has encouraged since his election in may ."
"in his first few months in office , the french leader has been at pains to show he is an ally of the united states , backing president bush s hard line stance on iran s nuclear program and attempting to heal the wounds over his country s opposition to the iraq war ."
"the french leader , whom bush will host at a white house dinner tuesday night , has said that he understands americans were struck in the heart by the september , , attacks and that they considered french criticism of the iraq invasion a betrayal ."
sarkozy s speech to congress will be the first address by a french leader since president jacques chirac s appearance in .
"on that occasion , several lawmakers boycotted chirac as a protest against france s nuclear testing in the south pacific ."
"a self professed elvis presley fan , sarkozy has made no attempt to hide his admiration for the united states ."
"during the summer , he vacationed in new hampshire , where he was photographed jogging in a new york police department t shirt ."
"bangalore , india cnn partway through a mammoth hour operation on a year old girl born with four arms and four legs , surgeons in india said the procedure is going according to plan , with no problems encountered ."
"the surgery to separate lakshmi tatma from her parasitic twin continues , he said , with a team of some surgeons ."
we ve managed to remove the parasitic twin out of lakshmi s body and started reconstructing her pelvic bone . we have managed to get the pelvic bone together .
"the little girl , he said , has responded very well . . . . everything is going according to plan ."
"the task began early tuesday in the southern indian city of bangalore and is expected to go on through the night , with surgeons working eight hour shifts ."
"when lakshmi was born into a poor , rural indian family , villagers in the remote settlement of rampur kodar katti in the northern state of bihar believed she was sacred ."
"as news of her birth spread , locals waited in line for a blessing from the baby ."
"her parents , shambhu and poonam tatma , named the girl after the hindu goddess of wealth who has four arms ."
"the couple , who earn just a day as casual laborers , wanted her to have the operation but were unable to pay for the rare procedure , which has never before been performed in india ."
"after patil visited the girl in her village from narayana health city hospital in bangalore , the hospital s foundation agreed to fund the , operation ."
"the operation is being conducted by specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics and plastic surgery ."
"planning for the surgery took a month , patil said , and lakshmi spent that month in the hospital ."
her parents are being given regular updates but are not allowed to see their daughter during the operation .
we do expect that she should be able to walk normally and lead a normal life .
"many villagers , however , remain opposed to surgery and are planning to erect a temple to lakshmi , who they still revere as sacred ."
patil said lakshmi s parents are very practical and knew the risks of the medical treatment .
"asked about the belief she is a reincarnation of the goddess , he said , she s a very charming young girl , and i m sure she ll grow up and be something special ."
brazilian swim star rebeca gusmao was suspended monday by fina after testing positive for testosterone .
"the doping violation stemmed from an out of competition test on july , swimming s governing body announced ."
the confederation dropped gusmao from the brazil squad to participate in a world cup meet in russia next weekend .
"gusmao , who won four medals at the pan ams , was ranked th in the world in the meter freestyle ."
"bangalore , india cnn doctors began operating on a year old girl born with four arms and four legs tuesday in an extensive surgery that they hope will leave the girl with a normal anatomy , a hospital official said ."
"the girl is joined to a parasitic twin who stopped developing in the mother s womb , while the surviving fetus absorbed the limbs , kidneys and other body parts of the undeveloped fetus ."
the rare condition is called isciopagus .
"the girl , lakshmi , is named after the four armed hindu goddess of wealth , and some in her poor village in the northern state of bihar revere her as a goddess ."
others sought to make money from her .
"her parents , shambhu and poonam , hid her after a circus apparently tried to buy the girl , according to a report in the hindustan times ."
"doctors are working to remove the extra limbs and organs so she ll have a normal anatomy at the end of the operation , said dr . patil mamatha of sparsh hospital ."
"surgery , aimed at removing the extra limbs and organs , began early tuesday morning ."
"the hospital s foundation is paying for the operation because the girl s family could not afford the medical bills , said mamatha ."
a team of doctors will participate in the surgery .
"justin henin might not defend her olympic gold medal in beijing next year , fearing the city s air pollution could trigger her asthma ."
the top ranked belgian withdrew from the china open in september because of her asthma and is worried she might be forced to skip the games next august .
"i ve had asthma for a few months now and i felt very bad in new york at the end of the u . s . open , so beijing , i was really concerned about that , henin said monday at the sony ericsson championships ."
i was pretty disappointed because i wanted to play the china open and get used to the conditions .
henin said she has since controlled her asthma with the help of a specialist .
"it s true that beijing is going to be tough with the olympic games with the problem i have , but now it seems that everything is under control , which is important because the olympic games remain a very important goal for me in , henin said ."
"shia labeouf was charged with misdemeanor criminal trespassing after the transformers star refused to leave a chicago drug store , police said sunday ."
"a security guard told labeouf that he needed to leave the walgreens store because he appeared to be drunk , police said ."
"when labeouf , , refused to leave , the security guard detained him and called police at about a . m . , according to police spokeswoman laura kubiak ."
"after he was arrested , police noted that labeouf was very courteous and polite , kubiak said ."
"labeouf , of glendale , california , is scheduled to appear in cook county court on november ."
"the actor is set to co star with harrison ford in indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , due in theaters next year ."
"santiago , chile cnn a hacker broke into the web page of chile s presidency and planted the flag of neighboring peru , leaving the site inoperable for about hours until it was restored monday ."
"officials took the site down a few minutes later , leaving a notice because we want to give a better service , we are working for you ."
"carlos portales , political director of the chilean foreign ministry , said the incident is being investigated ."
"it has happened with other web pages , including some from the united states government , the vatican , portales told reporters ."
the santiago daily el mercurio on monday reported that officials believe the hacker was a peruvian .
"the web page carried information about activities of president michelle bachelet and about the upcoming ibero american summit for leaders from throughout latin america , spain and portugal ."
portales said the incident does not appear related to the summit .
"bangkok , thailand cnn trumpets and rhythmic chants echoed across the chao praya river on monday in a rare procession of gilded boats honoring thailand s year old king , who has been hospitalized for three weeks and was unable to attend the tribute ."
it floated past the ornate riverside grand palace and the city s most famous buddhist temples .
"instead , crown prince maha vajiralongkorn took his father s seat inside a shaded pavilion at the center of the main barge , as thousands of onlookers crowded the river banks to glimpse the boats ."
"the bows of the royal barges were adorned with figures of serpents , swans , a seven headed dragon and other creatures ."
"bhumibol has been hospitalized since oct . after feeling what was described as weakness on the right side of his body , and tests found he was getting inadequate blood supply to the brain , the palace said ."
"the palace said last week that bhumibol , the world s longest reigning monarch , is steadily regaining strength and can now stand without the assistance of a walker ."
"royal barge processions have marked coronations , buddhist religious ceremonies and the king s birthday ."
"monday s procession marked the end of the three month buddhist lent , but came ahead of celebrations to honor the revered monarch s th birthday on"
"a large stretch of the chao praya , the busy waterway that cuts through bangkok , was closed to boats for several hours monday ."
several major streets and bridges along the route also were closed during the ceremony .
"a team of u . s . experts has begun disabling north korea s nuclear weapons making facilities , a u . s . official said , the first time pyongyang has ever moved to scale back its development of atomic bombs ."
"u . s . state department spokesman tom casey told reporters monday in washington that the disabling of the north s nuclear reactor at yongbyon is a positive first step in this process , and we certainly hope to see it continue ."
"the u . s . , china , japan , south korea and russia ."
"the main u . s . envoy to the talks , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , has said the experts would take steps that would require the north to take at least a year for the reactor to be restarted ."
"on tuesday , japanese foreign minister mashiko komura said japan may bear some costs for the disablement of the facilities ."
"washington hopes that future talks will yield an agreement for the north to dismantle the facility entirely , and also wants the nuclear bombs pyongyang is believed to have built to be confiscated ."
"sung kim , the top state department expert on the koreas and head of the u . s . team , was due in seoul later tuesday to take part in meeting of u . s . and south korean defense ministers the following day , the u . s . embassy in seoul said ."
u . s . defense secretary robert gates was arriving in seoul from china for the previously planned discussions on the u . s . south korea alliance .
"rome , italy cnn police raided a summit of mafia dons in sicily on monday , arresting a longtime fugitive mobster believed by authorities to be vying to become cosa nostra s next boss of bosses ."
"salvatore lo piccolo , sentenced to life in prison for murder and on the run since , was captured in a morning raid on a house in the countryside outside sicily s capital , palermo , police said ."
"police also arrested lo piccolo s son sandro another alleged top mafia figure sentenced to life in prison and wanted since as well as two men accused of being local bosses , officials in palermo said ."
"investigators believe lo piccolo could have emerged from a power struggle as the mafia s new chief after authorities captured bernardo provenzano , the reputed no . of the cosa nostra crime syndicate , on a farm near corleone in april ."
"after the arrest of bernardo provenzano , it was the turn of the lo piccolos , palermo police chief giuseppe caruso told the italian news agency ansa . we were on the trail of the bosses for a long time , and this is a great result ."
"caruso told italian state tv that in the last two months , investigators closely watched the house in the village of giardinello because it was there that lo piccolo would huddle with fellow mobsters ."
"police then bided their time , reasoning that surely he was about to hold another operational meeting , caruso said ."
"prosecutors say lo piccolo , who is in his s , was vying to become cosa nostra s top boss with another fugitive , matteo messina denaro , a younger boss from western sicily ."
denaro has been on italy s wanted list since for murder and other crimes .
"salvatore lo piccolo was the only one capable of carrying on provenzano s legacy , piero grasso , italy s national anti mafia prosecutor , told ansa ."
he was at the head of cosa nostra in palermo and was attempting to climb to the top of the organization .
"hanoi , vietnam cnn floods triggered by heavy rains have killed at least people in central vietnam as residents braced tuesday for a tropical storm expected to make landfall later this week ."
"people in seven coastal areas fell victim to the latest floods , which began friday ."
the floods were the third to hit the region in three weeks .
"officials fear more trouble from tropical storm peipah , which is expected to hit vietnam friday ."
officials in the northern philippines said the storm already killed five people there monday .
"peipah s mph kph winds struck the philippines sunday evening and moved into south china sea , forecasters said ."
"in addition to leaving people dead and at least one missing , the vietnam flooding cut telephone service to many communities , said provincial disaster official dang tao ."
"the last two floods already caused a lot of hardship , disaster official vo thanh tien said . now another one is coming ."
"hoi an mayor le van giang said about houses in his city , a unesco world heritage site , were flooded in about three feet one metre of water ."
"we are seriously concerned , as these old houses are the soul of hoi an , giang said . if they are ruined hoi an will not be hoi an anymore ."
"last month , typhoon lekima left people dead in vietnam ."
"new york cnn christina aguilera says she s expecting a baby , finally confirming what has become obvious over the past few months ."
aguilera and music executive jordan bratman were married in .
"aguilera , who recently wrapped up a world tour in support of her latest album , back to basics , plans to be a working mom ."
"the united states will help iraq and turkey crack down on kurdish separatists in northern iraq , president bush said monday after meeting with turkey s prime minister recep tayyip erdogan ."
bush told reporters u . s . and turkish commanders will share intelligence on the rebels .
"with turkey threatening to launch cross border raids against the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , bush pointed to the weekend release of eight turkish soldiers captured by the rebels as evidence that a crackdown is under way ."
"i ve assured the prime minister that we re working very carefully and closely with people in the kurdish part of iraq to help deal with the movement of these people , to help locate and find and stop"
"erdogan told reporters his people are demanding action against the pkk , and that a solution to the border crisis must come in the shortest time possible ."
"i m happy , the prime minister said ."
"the united states and the european union consider the pkk a terrorist organization , and bush called it an enemy of turkey , a free iraq and the united states of america ."
"bush said top u . s . and turkish military officials have set up an arrangement to keep in touch with each other and with the u . s . commander in baghdad , gen . david petraeus ."
"somali pirates released a taiwanese fishing vessel on monday more than five months after it was seized , a u . s . navy official said ."
it was the third such release in two days .
"the pirates left the ching fong hwa in skiffs that took them to shore , said cmdr . lydia robertson of the u . s . fifth fleet in bahrain ."
"the ship had two taiwanese and chinese crew members on board when it was hijacked almost miles kilometers northeast of the somali capital , mogadishu in may ."
"one of the crew members was killed the following month by the pirates , according to andrew mwangura , head of the kenyan chapter of the seafarers assistance program ."
robertson said the ship had been escorted by a u . s . navy vessel out of somali waters and that naval personnel were providing food and medical assistance .
"we encourage pirates to leave the ships , said robertson ."
alvaro colom of the center left national union of hope party was declared monday the official victor in sunday s presidential election .
thanks to the guatemalan people for making this civic holiday such a marvelous day .
it was the year old industrial engineer s third try for the presidency and his first to succeed .
"we lost a battle , but we haven t lost the war the war against corruption , perez told his supporters ."
"we are going to support and help with all that is correct for guatemala , but we are also going to be disposed to be critical ."
"analyst sylvia gereda said colom owed his victory to support from the country s rural areas the area where there is hunger , where there are necessities ."
"during the coming two months , colom will put together his transition team and name his cabinet members ."
"major campaign issues included policies for reducing guatemala s high crime rate and violence and the migration of guatemalans to the united states , where many are working illegally ."
"colom , in an august debate co sponsored by cnn en espanol and guatemala s channel , said reducing poverty would help reduce crime while perez said he would strengthen guatemala s police and military while getting tough with criminals . colom s party the national union of hope was hard hit by assassinations that marked guatemala s election season ."
"in the debate two months ago , he said the killings of members of his party were without any doubt carried out by organized crime ."
"colom said the migrants to the united states are true heroes who go there to work , not to bother anyone they go there in search of a dream ."
he said he would build a great nation that will generate hope here in guatemala and bring hope back to guatemala .
"lahore , pakistan cnn the united states has urged pakistan s president pervez musharraf to sever his links with the military and reinstate civilian rule ."
"our hope is that he will restore democracy as quickly as possible , president bush said monday after a white house meeting with turkey s prime minister ."
"musharraf imposed emergency rule in pakistan on saturday , saying the suspension of his country s constitution was made necessary by the growing threat of terrorism and out of control judicial activism ."
"by imposing a state of emergency , musharraf suspended pakistan s constitution and put elections that had been scheduled for january on indefinite hold . press freedoms have been curbed and independent television stations taken off the air ."
"bush said monday he recognized the threat musharraf faces from extremists , citing past attempts on musharraf s life , but said the emergency measures undermine democracy ."
"we expect there to be elections as soon as possible and that the president should remove his military uniform , bush said ."
musharraf is also pakistan s military chief .
pakistan is a nuclear power and a key u . s . ally in the war on terror .
"senior u . s . officials said u . s . ambassador to pakistan anne patterson and other senior ambassadors including britain s met with musharraf on monday to raise washington s concerns with the heavy handed measures taken in lahore , where police , wielding batons , clashed with lawyers and journalists monday outside the courthouse ."
ronaldinho scored two trademark free kicks as barcelona beat real betis to move within a point of leaders real madrid at the top of the primera liga table .
"barcelona started with ronaldinho , thierry henry and lionel messi in a three pronged attack and betis were soon chashing shadows ."
henry saw his th minute header well saved and minutes later the frenchman watched on in agony as his fierce shot rebounded off the post .
a goal was on the cards and it duly arrived just after the half hour mark with henry racing onto a slide rule pass from andres iniesta
betis had not won at camp nou since and when ronaldinho scored his first free kick it was just a case of keeping the score down .
"barcelona climb to second , level on points with villarreal , who produced the comeback of the season to defeat atletico madrid in a thriller ."
"atletico had led at and but were left cursing defensive errors as turkish substitute nihat scored twice , including an th minute winner , to leave atletico empty handed ."
"atletico stay fifth , five points behind city rivals real , who were controversially beaten at sevilla on saturday night ."
"los angeles , california cnn hollywood writers and studio representatives began last ditch negotiations sunday in an effort to prevent a strike , the writers union said ."
a federal mediator called the meeting between the writers guild of america and the alliance of motion picture and television producers at an undisclosed location .
"the writers contract expired october , and they plan to strike at a . m . monday a . m . et if a deal cannot be reached ."
"the first picket lines would be seen at new york s rockefeller center , followed by picket lines at various locations in los angeles , the guild said ."
the writers want more money from the sale of dvds and a share of revenue generated by the sale of tv shows and films over the internet .
the studios say the demands are unreasonable and would hamper attempts to experiment with new media .
"j . nicholas counter , chief negotiator for producers , called the writers strike precipitous and irresponsible in a prepared statement ."
"producers believe progress can be made on other issues but it makes absolutely no sense to increase the burden of this additional compensation involving dvds and the internet , he said ."
the strike would not immediately affect production of movies or prime time tv programs .
"most studios have stockpiled dozens of movie scripts , and tv shows have enough scripts or completed shows in hand to last until early next year ."
talks between writers and producers will likely impact upcoming negotiations between the studios and unions representing actors and directors .
"all those unions believe revenue from content offered on the internet , cell phones and other platforms will grow tremendously in the years ahead , even though it s now minuscule compared with dvd sales ."
"studios argue that it is too early to know how much money they can make from offering entertainment on the internet and on cell phones , ipods and other devices ."
producers are also uncertain whether consumers prefer a pay per view model over an advertising supported system .
hundreds of lawyers were arrested across pakistan monday as the police continued to enforce president pervez musharraf s emergency declaration .
"the united states , meanwhile , said it had suspended annual defense talks with pakistan because of pakistan president pervez musharraf s emergency declaration and suspension of the country s constitution , a u . s . defense department spokesman said ."
"the twin developments came two days after musharraf declared a state of emergency across pakistan , suspended the constitution and widened his powers as president and military chief ."
police on monday blocked roads leading to courthouses in major cities and in at least one instance a television news crew was detained and their cameras confiscated as they tried to cover what was happening outside of one court .
"police sources told cnn over the weekend that they had a list of , lawyers and political activists who were to be arrested ."
"the round up which started saturday night continued monday morning with lawyers taken into custody saislabad , a city in punjab province ."
"another lawyers were arrested in islamabad and rawalbini as they gathered for a demonstration , police said ."
"pakistan would remain under a state of emergency for as long as it is necessary , pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz said sunday ."
"shanghai , china cnn chinese energy conglomerate petrochina saw its shares triple in value in its trading debut monday in shanghai following an initial public offering that raised . billion a record for a mainland bourse ."
"shares in the state run company , china s biggest oil and gas producer , opened at . yuan . , compared with the ipo price of . yuan . ."
"by late morning the shares were trading at . yuan . each , with the overall benchmark shanghai composite index down . percent at , . ."
"shares in elite companies such as petrochina , which already trade in hong kong and new york , tend to soar in their trading debuts given the strong appetite among chinese investors for highly valued companies ."
"the benchmark shanghai composite index has more than doubled in value this year as investors have piled into the market , seeking higher returns than they can earn on bank savings ."
the death toll in the widespread flooding in southern mexico rose to eight on saturday as rescuers struggled to evacuate people from rooftops and bring supplies to those protecting their homes from would be looters .
"the department of civil defense in chiapas state , which borders on guatemala , reported finding seven bodies between friday and saturday ."
"in the neighboring tabasco where one man died earlier in the week , and where almost percent of the state was covered in water the level of some rivers began to recede slightly saturday ."
the government also said it would reduce water outflows from a dam upstream .
"the tabasco state government said the dam was not in danger , but had no immediate comment on the crocodile rumor ."
"officials instead concentrated on supplying food and water to tens of thousands of people at emergency shelters , and others who had decided to ride out the flood on the roofs of their homes , in a bid to discourage looters ."
"president felipe calderon , who surveyed the zone from the air friday , called the flooding one of mexico s worst recent natural disasters ."
"emergency shelters already held , flood victims , but tens of thousands more were leaving the state entirely , as food , water and power became increasingly scarce ."
cnn the united states sunday praised the iraqi government for helping to secure the release of eight turkish soldiers abducted by kurdish rebels two weeks ago during a battle that heightened tensions along the iraq turkey border .
"the soldiers were handed over to kurdistan regional government officials in northern iraq on sunday , before returning to the turkish military base in diyarbakir ."
"fuad hussein , chief of staff for the kurdistan regional government krg , said all eight are healthy and in good condition ."
"we applaud the efforts of the government of iraq to secure the release of the hostages , according to a statement released sunday by u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack ."
"we urge continued , deepened , and immediate cooperation between iraq and turkey in combating the pkk kurdistan workers party , which is a common enemy of turkey , iraq and the united states ."
the soldiers release comes a day before turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan meets with u . s . president george w . bush in washington .
the turkish soldiers went missing on october after their unit was ambushed by pkk rebels in southeastern turkey .
twelve turkish soldiers were killed in the ambush .
"hours later , turkish forces struck back , killing pkk rebels in the border region , according to turkey s military ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s main opposition planned to hold an extraordinary meeting monday to discuss the party president s offer to step down after his colleagues rejected a proposed alliance with the troubled ruling bloc ."
democratic party president ichiro ozawa s planned resignation comes amid a major standoff between the government and opposition .
"days earlier , his party blocked government efforts to extend a naval mission in support of u . s . led operations in afghanistan ."
ozawa said he was resigning to take responsibility for causing tumult within the party over prime minister yasuo fukuda s power sharing proposal friday .
"i caused political confusion over prime minister fukuda s coalition proposal , ozawa told a news conference . i have therefore decided to resign from my post as president ."
dpj secretary general yukio hatoyama told reporters he had not accepted ozawa s resignation and that he hoped to persuade him to reconsider .
"but i m afraid it might be quite difficult to get him to change his mind , he said"
"in that case , hatoyama said , the party would have to choose his replacement as quickly as possible ."
"ozawa and the dpj executive committee discussed the possible alliance on friday a proposal intended to break a deadlock in the diet , japan s parliament but the committee voted to reject it ."
"citi also said sir win bischoff , chairman of citi europe and a member of the citi management and operating committees , would serve as interim ceo ."
"rubin , a former co chairman of goldman , sachs co . , has served as the chair of citi s executive committee , and it was also expected he would take a greater role in leading the company ."
"it was the honorable course , given the losses we are now announcing , rubin said of prince s resignation in an interview with the associated press ."
"prince , , became chief executive of citigroup in october ."
"many shareholders criticized him openly for much of his tenure , as citigroup s stock lagged its peers while prince executed what was called an umbrella model of corporate organization , with several separate lines of business ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn police defused a parked car bomb just outside the northern iraqi city of samarra sunday morning , near where a car bomb exploded the previous day , killing five iraqis and wounding others , samarra police said ."
"separately , an advisor to iraq s finance minister was shot dead as he was driving through western baghdad s predominantly sunni al jamia neighborhood sunday morning , an interior ministry official said ."
"a shiite headmistress of an elementary school in saydiya in southwestern baghdad was killed by gunmen sunday afternoon , the official said ."
"also on sunday , an explosive device detonated underneath a car near the green zone in central baghdad , wounding one civilian , the official said ."
"luxor , egypt cnn the linen wrapped mummy of king tut was put on public display for the first time on sunday years after the , year old boy pharaoh s golden enshrined tomb and mummy were discovered in luxor s famed valley of the kings ."
"archeologists removed the mummy from his stone sarcophagus in his underground tomb , revealing his shriveled leather like face and body ."
"the golden boy has magic and mystery and therefore every person all over the world will see what egypt is doing to preserve the golden boy , and all of them i am sure will come to see the golden boy , egypt s antiquities chief zahi hawass told reporters under the intense luxor sun ."
hawass said scientists began restoring king tut s badly damaged mummy more than two years ago after it was removed briefly from its sarcophagus and placed into a ct scanner for the first time for further examination .
"much of the mummy s body is broken into pieces that hawass described looked like stones that were damaged when british archaeologist howard carter discovered the mummy , took it from his tomb and tried to pull off his famous golden mask ."
but hawass said he fears a more recent phenomenon mass tourism is further deteriorating tut s mummy .
thousands of tourists visit the underground chamber every month .
the humidity and heat caused by . . . people entering the tomb and their breathing will change the mummy to a powder .
"the only good thing left in this mummy is the face . we need to preserve the face , said hawass , who wore his signature indiana jones style tan hat ."
"the mystery surrounding king tutankhamun and his glittering gold tomb has entranced ancient egypt fans since carter first discovered the hidden tomb on november , , revealing a trove of fabulous gold and precious stone treasures ."
archeologists in recent years have tried to resolve lingering questions over how he died and his precise royal lineage .
"several books and documentaries dedicated to the young pharaoh , who is believed to have been the th ruler of ancient egypt s th dynasty and ascended to the throne around the age of , are popular around the world ."
"in an effort to try to solve the mysteries , scientists removed tut s mummy from his tomb and placed it into a portable ct scanner for minutes in to obtain a three dimensional image ."
the scans were the first done on an egyptian mummy .
"the results did rule out that tut was violently murdered but stopped short of definitively concluding how he died around b . c . experts for the time though suggested that days before dying , tut badly broke his left thigh , apparently in an accident , that may have caused a fatal infection ."
the ct scan also provided the most revealing insight yet into the life of ancient egypt s most famous king .
"he was well fed , healthy , yet slightly built , standing at feet , inches tall at the time of his death ."
"the scan also showed he had the typical overbite characteristic of other kings from his family , large incisor teeth and his lower teeth were slightly misaligned ."
"the tourists will begin viewing the mummy monday , hawass said ."
"the mummy will remain in the tomb indefinitely unlike other egyptian royal mummies , who are displayed in museums ."
"twenty four sailors , including four south koreans , were freed nearly six months after they were abducted by somali pirates , south korea s foreign ministry said sunday ."
the sailors were aboard two south korean owned vessels with a crew of various nationalities when they were seized may off somalia .
"it was not immediately clear how the sailors were freed , or whether any ransom was paid for their release ."
"the two ships mavuno and were being escorted to aden port in yemen by a u . s . navy warship at the request of the south korean government , the ministry said in a statement ."
"all sailors were confirmed safe , according to the ministry , adding that the other crew comprised chinese , three vietnamese , three indians and four indonesians ."
"the government strongly condemns the international pirates activities that resulted in innocent sailors seized in high seas and held in captivity for a long time , the ministry said ."
south korea also said it appreciates the u . s . and somalia s government for helping free the men .
"south korean media have reported that the somali pirates were demanding between , and million , and , in ransom ."
"pakistan will be under a state of emergency for as long as it is necessary , pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz said sunday , a day after pervez musharraf suspended the constitution and widened his powers as president and military chief ."
"in a commentary written for cnn on sunday , opposition leader benazir bhutto called musharraf s plan a step to entrench his dictatorship and called for elections under an independent caretaker government ."
but aziz said it could be months before parliamentary elections scheduled for january will take place .
"the parliament could give itself more time , up to a year , in terms of holding the next elections , aziz said . however , at this point , no decision has been made ."
"the state of emergency had been imposed to bring more harmony to the pillars of state and to protect against extremism in the country , aziz said ."
hundreds of people have been detained .
"earlier in the day , musharraf s spokesman , information minister tariq azim khan , said on dubai based geo tv that parliamentary elections would be delayed indefinitely ."
"before imposing the state of emergency , musharraf had vowed to hold elections no later than january ."
"washington will review its financial aid package to pakistan , its key anti terrorism ally , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday ."
but she noted that the situation is complicated because much of the billions of dollars sent to pakistan fund anti terrorism measures .
"washington was not consulted about musharraf s plan , rice said , adding that she is disappointed in his decision ."
"three french journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap african children for adoption in europe arrived in paris on sunday , hours after french president nicolas sarkozy held emergency talks in chad ."
"but other people remained in custody in the african nation , some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to years ."
all were arrested last week after workers from zoe s ark a french based charity group were accused of trying to fly children out of chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation .
"some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds , red cross spokeswoman inah kaloga told cnn on friday ."
"those who remain under arrest in chad are six members of the french charity , four chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew ."
some face kidnapping and fraud charges .
"zoe s ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn ."
at least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on monday .
the three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt .
it s not clear if the charges against them have been dropped .
"sao paulo , brazil cnn an executive jet crashed into a heavily populated neighborhood of sao paulo on sunday , killing at least eight people and leaving a pile of smoky rubble just months after the city suffered the nation s deadliest air disaster ."
"the plane , a learjet belonging to a brazilian air taxi company , slammed into two houses shortly after taking off , said lucia ferreira , a spokeswoman for airport authority infraero ."
"the dead included four men , two women , a child and another person , sao paulo s state security department said in a statement ."
"authorities did not immediately say how many people were aboard the jet , or how many of the dead were in the plane or on the ground ."
investigators were trying to determine the cause of the
"but ferreira said there were no immediate indications that it was related to the brazilian air traffic chaos and woes including the july crash of a tam linhas aereas sa jetliner , which slammed into a building in sao paulo , killing people ."
"that crash happened at sao paulo s congonhas airport , widely criticized for having a short runway that makes landing tricky during rainy conditions ."
"the jet that crashed sunday afternoon took off from the campo de marte airport , used by executive jets and helicopters ."
"it was owned by reali taxi aereo and was en route to rio de janeiro , ferreira said ."
one home was destroyed and another was heavily damaged .
more than firefighters were still combing through the debris hours later .
"cnn the united nations said friday it was disappointed that myanmar s government had expelled a top u . n . diplomat , and the bush administration condemned the action by the ruling military junta in the secretive asian country ."
"the secretary general is disappointed by the message from the government of myanmar that it would not want the resident coordinator , mr . charles petrie , to continue to serve , said a statement issued on behalf of u . n . secretary general ban ki moon ."
"u . s . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe called the expulsion of petrie , the u . n . s human rights representative , outrageous and noted it came the day before ibrahim gambari , the special u . n . envoy to myanmar , is scheduled to return to the"
"it is an insult to the united nations and the international community , johndroe said ."
"the u . s . charge d affaires in myanmar , shari villarosa , told cnn earlier friday that petrie was told he was no longer welcome in the country ."
"they say that they are interested in cooperating with the u . n . , villarosa said , so this seems very unusual to say the least ."
it was unclear whether petrie was given a deadline to leave the country .
"in the statement , a spokesman for ban said he has full confidence in the united nations country team ."
"ban has instructed ibrahim gambari to convey his views directly to the authorities in myanmar upon his arrival , the statement said ."
"it will be the second visit to myanmar in recent weeks for gambari , who has a five day visa ."
"the united nations does not know who gambari will be meeting with , but it is hoped that the envoy will facilitate talks between ruling generals and nobel peace prize winner aung san suu kyi , an opposition leader and human rights activist who has been under house arrest on and off for nearly years ."
"in his october meeting , gambari met with the military junta leadership as well as with suu kyi ."
"more than buddhist monks marched in the central myanmar town of pakokku on wednesday , dissident sources in mae sot told cnn ."
"the march is the first reported since a government crackdown on peaceful pro democracy demonstrations in september , in which as many as people are believed to have been killed , including buddhist monks ."
"the protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated ."
"myanmar s military junta admitted in mid october that is detained more than , people during the crackdown , and many of them are still believed to be in custody ."
"cnn a former employee at oprah winfrey s school for girls in south africa has been arrested as part of an abuse probe , police said friday ."
"lungelo dlamini , police superintendent in johannesburg , said the suspect an ex school matron whose name was not given is accused of physical abuse against girls at the school , including soliciting them for indecent acts ."
"the suspect will appear monday at sebokeng magistrate court , a court for family violence , child protection and sexual offenses , dlamini said ."
"in a statement , winfrey said , i d like to thank the south african police services for bringing this investigation at my academy to a timely resolution ."
the oprah winfrey leadership academy for girls opened in january .
"winfrey personally selected the school s pupils , all of them straight a students from underprivileged backgrounds ."
"the students get free tuition , uniforms , accommodations and meals at the school in henley on klip , near johannesburg ."
"in a statement issued last month , the academy s ceo , john samuel , said that an internal inquiry had been launched based on an allegation of misconduct involving a dormitory parent ."
"according to an article in the cape argus , a cape town , south africa , newspaper , the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall , the girl said ."
"the newspaper said one of the pupils ran away from the school , blaming the alleged abuse ."
"the criminal probe was opened after a team of three american experts hired by winfrey gave police the results of their initial investigation , police said ."
"ankara , turkey cnn secretary of state condoleezza rice assured turkish officials friday that kurdish rebels based in northern iraq were a common threat and that the united states would help ankara in its fight against them ."
"speaking after meeting with both prime minister recep tayyip erdogan and foreign minister ali babacan , rice said she had emphasized that the united states is committed to redoubling its efforts to help turkey in its struggle against the rebel fighters ."
"we consider this a common threat , not just to the interests of turkey but to the interests of the united states as well , she said at a joint news conference with babacan ."
"calmest part of iraq , and could set a precedent for other countries , like iran , who also have conflicts with kurdish rebels ."
"but ankara has been resolute in saying that , unless it hears concrete measures the united states will take against the rebel kurdistan workers party , or pkk , it will launch an attack ."
"we have great expectations from the united states , we are at the point where words have been exhausted and where there is need for action , babacan said ."
but he also signaled that turkey might be willing to consult with washington before moving ahead with a cross border attack on the rebels .
"ahead of the talks with babacan , rice met with erdogan , who heads to washington for talks monday with president bush ."
"as rice met with the officials , snipers kept watch from nearby buildings and more than , police officers patrolled the streets ."
"at a larger demonstration in istanbul , about marchers organized by the small communist party of turkey chanted down with american imperialism and get out rice ."
"kurdish rebel attacks against turkish positions during the past month have killed people , including soldiers , according to government and media reports ."
"the pkk , which seeks more rights and autonomy for turkish kurds , is labeled a terrorist group by europe and the united states ."
"joe torre was hired on thursday to manage the los angeles dodgers , taking the job two weeks after walking away from the new york yankees ."
"torre moved from one storied franchise to another , getting a three year contract ."
the year old torre becomes the dodgers eighth manager since they moved west from brooklyn for the season .
"torre grew up in brooklyn , rooting for the rival new york giants and detesting the dodgers ."
"as a kid growing up , you didn t like them , torre said on wfan radio in new york less than an hour before the hiring was announced ."
"as a player , to me the dodgers were the yankees of the national league because . . . you either loved them or you hated them ."
"torre guided the yankees to four world series championships from , and they made the playoffs in all years he managed them ."
"after new york was beaten in the first round by cleveland last month , the yankees offered him a one year contract with a paycut . insulted , torre turned it down ."
"helicopter gunships pounded pro taliban militants in the mountains of northwest pakistan on thursday , reportedly killing as many as in an increasingly bloody conflict between the government and islamist forces ."
"opposition leader benazir bhutto , meanwhile , flew to the united arab emirates to visit family two weeks after assassins tried to kill her when she returned from self exile to lead her party in parliamentary elections ."
a spokesman said the former premier was expected back in a week .
"violence in the swat district , where a militant cleric is trying to enforce taliban style rule , underlines the expansion of islamist movements in northwestern pakistan near the afghan border that is challenging musharraf s control ."
"militants attacked police posts before dawn , and security forces responded with fire from mortars , assault rifles and helicopter gunships ."
"the mountainous region , long known as a tourist resort , is about miles km northwest of the capital , islamabad ."
"saudi arabia could have helped the united states prevent al qaeda s attacks on new york and washington if american officials had consulted saudi authorities in a credible way , the kingdom s former ambassador said in a documentary aired thursday ."
the comments by prince bandar bin sultan are similar to the remarks this week by saudi king abdullah that suggested britain could have prevented the july train bombings in london if it had heeded warnings from riyadh .
"speaking to the arabic satellite network al arabiya on thursday , bandar now abdullah s national security adviser said saudi intelligence was actively following most of the september , , plotters with precision ."
"if u . s . security authorities had engaged their saudi counterparts in a serious and credible manner , in my opinion , we would have avoided what happened , he said ."
bandar was the saudi ambassador to washington for nearly years before he was replaced in .
a knowledgeable u . s . official told cnn that bandar s comments should be taken with a grain of salt .
"on monday , abdullah told the bbc that saudi arabia had sent warnings to british authorities before the london subway bombings that killed people the city s bloodiest day since world war ii ."
"we have sent information to great britain before the terrorist attacks in britain , abdullah said . but unfortunately , no action was taken , and it may have been able to avert the tragedy ."
"the september attacks killed nearly , people in new york , washington and pennsylvania . all but four of the suicide hijackers who carried out the plot were saudi nationals , and after the attacks , the kingdom was widely criticized for having tolerated islamic militancy ."
champions real madrid maintained their superb start to the spanish season with a victory over slumping valencia in the mestella on wednesday night .
it was the fifth defeat in six matches for valencia and equaled their worst ever home defeat dating back to the season .
the scale of koeman s task was underlined as it took real only seconds to make the breakthrough as brazilian robinho finished a mazy run to set up raul for the opener .
ruud van nistelrooy added real s second after minutes when raul headed on a long ball forward and the dutch striker scored with a clever chip .
real were up inside half an hour as sergio ramos hammered the ball home following a guti pass .
robinho was the creator again as he set up van nistelrooy for a fourth before the break .
"polish prime minister designate donald tusk said his future government would seek to end the nation s military mission in iraq next year , according to an interview published wednesday ."
"poland , a staunch u . s . ally , sent combat troops to the war in iraq and still has some soldiers stationed in the southeast , despite public displeasure with the mission ."
polish troops now primarily train iraqi forces and renovate schools and hospitals .
"we want to finish the mission in this form in , tusk was quoted as saying by the daily polska . he did not elaborate ."
a survey released wednesday by the cbos institute found that percent of poles oppose the military mission in iraq .
"the poll of , adults , conducted oct . , gave a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points ."
"tusk made pulling out of iraq a top issue in his recent election campaign , in which his pro european union party , civic platform , ousted the socially conservative government of prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski , who is to resign november ."
"thus far , the polish government has not been able to answer these questions ."
"beijing , china cnn china raised gasoline and diesel prices by almost percent thursday amid fuel shortages that oil companies blame on a lack of refining capacity due to price controls ."
"the change was made to narrow the gap between soaring crude oil prices and state set retail prices , the country s main planning agency , the national development and reform commission , said in a statement ."
"to ensure the supply of domestic oil products and the promotion of energy conservation , the state decided to properly increase the prices of oil products , the ndrc said ."
it said the price rise also would apply to aviation fuel .
"shortages of diesel and gasoline have led to rationing over the past week , causing long lines at filling stations and disrupting trucking in key export areas ."
some customers and chinese media accused oil companies of creating phony shortages to force beijing to raise prices .
"on wednesday , a man was killed in a fight after he tried to cut in line for gas in the central province of henan , according to police ."
the announcement thursday marked a reversal of a government order in september that froze prices of gasoline and other basic consumer goods in an effort to rein in rising inflation .
chinese oil refiners are losing money due to low government set retail prices for gasoline and diesel that prevent them from passing on soaring crude costs to consumers .
some refineries have stopped processing to avoid losses .
"crude prices have jumped sharply , touching above a barrel in early trading thursday ."
"prices of railway tickets , natural gas for civilian use and public transportation will not be raised to reduce the impact of the price hikes on the public , and the government will provide subsidies for taxi drivers , it said ."
"london , england cnn heather mills mccartney broke her silence wednesday about her divorce from paul mccartney , saying in tv interviews that she fears for her life because of death threats and blaming tabloids for her problems ."
mills mccartney appeared on an itv television morning show to complain about media coverage and to announce that she would seek european legislation to compel newspapers to apologize for untruthful stories .
she also urged the public to stop buying sensationalist newspapers .
i ve had worse press than a pedophile or a murderer and i ve done nothing but charity for years .
"i have a box of evidence that s going to a certain person , should anything happen to me , and the truth will come out , she said ."
"it s the tabloids and a certain party , but it is so extreme and so abusive . . . i mean , i ve been called monster , whore , gold digger , fantasist , liar ."
"mills mccartney was also asked in the bbc interview if she feared for her life and she replied , yes i do , yes i do ."
"paul mccartney has also complained about media coverage of the divorce , which may produce the biggest financial settlement ever in britain ."
"london , england cnn police questioned prince harry after two rare and legally protected birds were killed on the royal family s estate last week , the prince s press office said wednesday ."
british newspapers reported wednesday that prince harry and a friend were shooting on the royal family s sandringham estate in norfolk last week when witnesses saw two hen harriers being shot .
the times quoted sources saying the prince and his friend were the only two people known to be shooting on the estate when the birds were killed .
a spokeswoman for clarence house confirmed harry and his friend were in the area at the time and that police had been in contact with them .
"she said police asked them if they had any information about the alleged incident , but she said the prince and his friend replied they had no knowledge of it ."
a spokesman for norfolk constabulary said only that inquiries were continuing in regards to the incident and the investigation was ongoing .
"hen harriers are some of the most at risk birds in the united kingdom with fewer than breeding pairs in england , according to the royal society for the protection of birds ."
"if two birds have just been shot , that s really bad news , said gemma rogers , a spokeswoman for the rspb , which includes the birds on its red list of most threatened species ."
"prince harry s grandmother , queen elizabeth , is patron of the rspb ."
"his father , prince charles , is an active conservationist and patron of several wildlife charities ."
"cnn scores of sex offenders in anderson , south carolina , will be corralled for halloween tonight in a move authorities say is needed to keep kids safe as they trick or treat ."
"at p . m . , we are going to require all of our probation parole pardon sex offenders to report to the office and they ll remain here from to p . m , agent gerald black , with the south carolina department of probation , parole and pardon , told cnn affiliate wyff ."
"authorities in roanoke , virginia , will do the same ."
we have all the offenders in this area that are on probation or parole in one location .
"while there s a debate about the need for restrictions and authorities aren t imposing such stringent restrictions everywhere , special limits on sex offenders for the evening are widespread ."
"paroled offenders in california have a p . m . to a . m . curfew , cannot leave any outside lights on and may not answer their doors except for law enforcement ."
"illinois offenders face similar restrictions , including a ban on dressing in a costume ."
"sheriff s deputies in harris county , texas , have been checking homes of sex offenders for halloween decorations and are ready to arrest violators ."
"about , registered sex offenders in maryland will be required to post no candy signs on their doors on halloween night ."
michigan and wisconsin are among states urging parents to check the state s public sex offender registry before venturing out in search of treats .
"authorities in milwaukee county , wisconsin , took preventative measures sunday , arresting sex offenders on probation and parole violations during a sweep of homes , cnn affiliate wisn reported ."
one of the milwaukee offenders was arrested after police found a candy dish
"villahermosa , mexico cnn a week of heavy rains unleashed massive flooding in southeastern mexico , killing at least one person and forcing tens of thousands to flee rising waters in tabasco and chiapas states ."
"an unidentified man was killed and about , people sought shelter wednesday in tabasco s oil rich capital of villahermosa , the state government said in a press release ."
governor andres granier urged residents to evacuate the city where floodwaters reached the rooftops of homes .
"if they do not leave , i m going to order them out by force , granier told the televisa television network ."
"the flooding , which is not related to tropical storm noel , apparently caused the soil supporting a inch . centimeter natural gas pipeline to give way and spring a leak , officials from the state owned company petroleos mexicanos , or pemex , said ."
"tabasco officials said the pipeline had exploded , but that there were no deaths or injuries ."
water also crept up around the huge stone heads of an olmec indian archaeological site in tabasco .
"president felipe calderon flew to the area wednesday and offered all help humanly possible to the more than , people of the state whose homes were flooded , damaged or cut off ."
"in the southern state of chiapas , , people were evacuated due to floods , the newspaper el universal reported ."
"in villahermosa , rooftops barely jutted above the surface of brackish waters flooding the city s streets after at least one major river overflowed its banks ."
"territory , but i can tell you that now , it s more than percent water , granier said tuesday , according to a transcript of his comments posted on the state government s web site . in hours , our state has been devastated , totally devastated ."
"heavy rains started swelling waterways on sunday , and the puxcatan and grijalva rivers levels were still rising at a dangerous rate wednesday night ."
"a spanish court wednesday delivered an unexpectedly mixed verdict in the trial of defendants charged in the madrid train bombings , convicting three of mass murder but delivering lesser convictions against the others ."
the three judge panel delivered the verdict as most of the defendants watched from wooden benches in a glass enclosed area of the courtroom .
"each of the eight faced charges of mass murder and more than , charges of attempted murder ."
but there were gasps in the courtroom as the judges convicted only three of the eight prime defendants of the gravest charge mass murder .
the judges convicted four others on lesser charges and acquitted one prime defendant of all charges .
"the number of acquittals is likely to disappoint survivors of the attacks and relatives of the victims , who said the trial had dredged up bad memories of the bombings that they could not now put to rest ."
"as they left court , some victims and families said they felt deprived of justice ."
"but the associated press quoted prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero , who was elected only days after the bombings , as saying justice was rendered today ."
"the barbarism perpetrated on march , , has left a deep imprint of pain on our collective memory , an imprint that stays with us as a homage to the victims ."
"fernando reinares , a terrorism analyst from the elcano royal institute in madrid , said he was surprised that there were so many acquittals ."
"the prime defendants acquitted of mass murder but found guilty of lesser charges included abdelmajid bouchar and youssef belhadj , both convicted of membership in a terrorist group and sentenced to years in prison ."
"hassan el haski will serve years for leadership in a terrorist group , and rafa zouhier will serve years for transporting explosives ."
pierce brosnan is being investigated by sheriff s officials for an alleged battery in malibu .
"steve whitmore , a spokesman for the los angeles county sheriff s department , said the year old former james bond star allegedly committed the battery friday night outside a mexican restaurant ."
whitmore said brosnan wasn t arrested or detained .
"he identified the alleged victim as robert rosen , but declined to give more details because the investigation is ongoing ."
the new airbus superjumbo has just completed its maiden commercial flight and there are already plans to transform the world s largest passenger plane into the pinnacle of private luxury an executive jet . two european companies
"germany s lufthansa technik and switzerland s jet aviation have announced their intention to convert the enormous airliner into a flying mansion replete with private bedrooms , a movie theater , and a gym fitted with saunas and jacuzzis ."
"rumors swept the european media in september that lufthansa technik , a subsidiary of deutsche lufthansa ag , had received an order for a vip configured a from russian billionaire roman abramovich ."
abramovich who in acquired a specially modified boeing er denied the report .
"hamburg based lufthansa technik also dismissed the reports , but an official said they were anticipating a firm order for the a from a different private customer ."
"there is definitely a market for an executive version of the airbus , said bernd habbel , lufthansa technik s head of corporate communications ."
"purchases of private airliners have hit record highs , with manufacturers set to deliver more than , planes in , and industry experts predicting sales of about billion over the next decade ."
"but most of those planes are relatively small , in the short haul category of a learjet"
", cessna citation or gulfstream , and usually costing million to million ."
the largest corporate jets are usually modified versions of the airbus or boeing that sell for about million .
"experts say only national governments and very few of the super wealthy can afford massive price tags that come with the higher category , such as a boeing that is three times the size of an average executive jet ."
washington cnn the government announced an th hour recall wednesday to warn consumers that fake halloween teeth sold by the tens of thousands since last year contain excessive amounts of lead .
the packages of ugly teeth are only the latest in a long line of chinese made toys and novelty items recalled because of lead .
"the consumer product safety commission announced the recall on halloween , in a late morning news release ."
"the agency estimates that since january , retailers have sold about , eight piece packages of the party favors ."
"amscan inc . of elmsford , new york , imported the fake teeth ."
"the federal agency worked quickly with amscan to announce the recall , commission spokesman scott wolfson ."
cbs news reported monday that a chemistry professor at ohio s ashland university tipped off the agency about the joke teeth after testing a variety of halloween themed items for lead content .
"paint on the teeth contained times the allowable level of lead , according to the broadcast report ."
millions of chinese made toys have been recalled in recent months .
"house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , this week urged the commission s head , nancy nord , to resign ."
pelosi said nord has failed to see the gravity of the situation and continues to oppose democratic efforts to double her agency s dollars and give it more authority .
"new york cnn an abyssinian cat from missouri , named cinnamon , has just made scientific history ."
"researchers have largely decoded her dna , a step that may aid the search for treatments for both feline and human diseases ."
"the report adds cats to the roughly two dozen mammals whose dna has been unraveled , a list that includes dogs , chimps , rats , mice , cows and of course , people ."
"they get more than diseases that resemble human illnesses , and knowing the details of their genetic makeup should help in the search for vaccines and treatments , researchers say ."
"the list includes a cat version of aids , sars , diabetes , retinal disease and spina bifida , said stephen j . o brien of the national cancer institute ."
the new work is reported in the november issue of the journal genome research by a team including o brien and colleague joan pontius .
"it covers about two thirds of the dna of cinnamon , a research cat that lives at the university of missouri in columbia more complete results are expected next year , o brien said ."
"richard gibbs of the baylor college of medicine in houston , who led a team that decoded the dna of a monkey called the rhesus macaque , called the new work a good outline of cat dna ."
"scientists are looking forward to the complete version , which will be useful for making detailed comparisons to the dna of other animals , he said ."
the full complement of an organism s dna is called its genome .
"in cats , as in people , it is made up of nearly billion building blocks ."
"the sequence of those blocks spells out the hereditary information , just as strings of letters spell out sentences ."
"decoding a genome , which is called sequencing , means identifying the order of the building blocks ."
"the new work identified , genes in the cat , probably about percent of the animal s full complement , o brien said ."
"that is similar to the , , genes estimated for humans ."
"pakistan s former prime minister benazir bhutto abruptly canceled plans to travel abroad wednesday , saying she had heard rumors the government could impose a state of emergency during her absence ."
"the opposition leader , who was targeted by suicide bombers when she returned home on october following eight years in exile , had been preparing to go to dubai to see her husband and three children ."
she said at a hastily arranged news conference that senior party aides told her president gen . pervez musharraf might impose emergency measures if the supreme court found that his recent election win was unconstitutional . a ruling is expected later this week .
the government denied any such plans .
"i wanted to go to dubai , bhutto said . but when these rumors surfaced , i decided to change my program , she added ."
"if fundamental human rights are suspended , we will not accept it . the nation will not accept it , and i know other political parties will also not accept it ."
"the verdict , which is expected by the end of the week , will be critical for how events unfold in pakistan . the declaration of a state of emergency would set back a planned transition to civilian rule and prospects of bhutto and musharraf forming an alliance against islamic extremism ."
"but a suicide blast shattered her homecoming parade in karachi , killing more than people and raising fears for pakistan s stability ahead of crucial parliamentary elections ."
"a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than , acres , the los angeles county sheriff s department said tuesday ."
"the buckweed fire , which destroyed homes on its rampage , began october in the agua dulce community ."
"our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , los angeles county sheriff s deputy tony moore told cnn s american morning wednesday ."
"after talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , he said ."
"the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said ."
"according to the california department of forestry and fire protection , the buckweed fire burned , acres ."
"the sheriff s department said the fire forced the evacuation of about , people ."
"as of tuesday , of wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection ."
"the fires are blamed for deaths and charred more than , acres , destroying about , homes ."
"five people were arrested in arson probes last week , and california gov . arnold schwarzenegger on saturday vowed to hunt down people responsible for setting wildfires ."
"brazil has been awarded the world cup finals , fifa president sepp blatter announced tuesday ."
"blatter said brazil now has not only the right , but the responsibility to organize fifa s world cup ."
"blatter then handed the world cup trophy to brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva , who flew in for the announcement ."
"soccer for us is a passion , a national passion ."
"he promised brazil will now , with great pride , do its homework . and , he added , if everything works out well , we will win once again a world cup ."
brazil was the only candidate to pitch to host football s global showpiece after south american rivals colombia pulled out of the running in april .
blatter said the lack of competition from other south american nations was one reason behind fifa s decision monday to do away with the rotation system that gave each continent a turn at hosting the world cup .
the decision takes effect with the tournament .
"brazilian sports minister orlando silva , national team coach dunga , veteran striker romario and renowned author paulo coelho were among those making the trip to zurich and the final decision was made by fifa s executive committee after a minute presentation ."
stan o neal was known as one of the most ruthless men on wall street clawing his way up from an impoverished upbringing in alabama to run the world s largest brokerage .
after delivering investors a . billion quarterly loss merrill s biggest since being founded years ago o neal was forced to retire by a board of directors that he mostly picked .
o neal s downfall took just six days from the time merrill reported that record loss though some were surprised it took even that long .
"what did him in so quickly is that o neal failed to develop supporters who would defend him and fight hard at the board or executive level , said richard x . bove , an analyst with punk , ziegel co . one of the reasons is that he fired , people , some of which were his supporters , and that made him vulnerable ."
"whoever replaces o neal faces a daunting task so much so that the most widely tipped candidate , blackrock ceo laurence fink , turned down an initial offer but has since engaged the board in active discussions , according to a person with direct knowledge of the offer who was not authorized to speak publicly ."
not long after you cross the little bridge leading over bayou petite anse little cove in the cajun french spoken in these parts whiffs of the spicy fragrance of tabasco pepper drift through the air .
"stand next to the factory where they pump out the hot sauce at the rate of , bottles a day , and the powerful essence is enough to make your eyes water and start you coughing ."
"e . a . mcilhenny invented the blend of peppers , salt and vinegar here after the civil war , and everything on , acre avery island , from the bayou bridge on , belongs to his descendants ."
"visitors can tour the factory where the family still produces the famous condiment , which now generates million in annual revenue , according to the just released book , mcilhenny s gold"
how a louisiana family built the tabasco empire .
"filled with a multitude of plants , flowers and trees , jungle gardens offers a wilder adventure than most botanical gardens ."
"it s a better way to appreciate the beauty of the place , and more adventurous than driving ."
"rabbits freeze in fields , egrets and huge blue herons stalk fish along streams and ponds , deer nibble grass , giant turkey vultures perch in trees , all sizes of turtles sun themselves ."
and there are the alligators .
"a madrid court is expected to deliver the verdict and sentence wednesday for defendants charged in the commuter train bombings that killed people and wounded more than , in ."
eight of the defendants are prime suspects in the bombings and charged with murder .
"despite the huge potential sentences , none of the defendants would serve more than years , the maximum allowed under spanish law , which does not permit the death penalty . the other defendants face smaller sentences if convicted on lesser charges like membership in or collaboration with a terrorist group ."
all defendants proclaimed their innocence in the opening days of the trial .
"the coordinated train bombings struck the morning of march , , at atocha station in central madrid ."
prosecutors say those on trial are islamic terrorists who were based in spain but inspired by al qaeda .
"the five month trial started in february with defendants , but prosecutors later dropped all charges against one , moroccan born brahim moussaten , for lack of evidence ."
"his brother , mohamed moussaten , remained on trial , accused of collaborating with terrorism ."
"the brothers uncle , youssef belhadj , was also on trial , accused of masterminding the bombings ."
superior court commissioner scott gordon also required that spears undergo random weekly drug and alcohol tests .
"spears , , also must continue meeting with a court appointed parenting coach , and the youngsters must be in car seats when they are being driven , the ruling states ."
the nine page ruling said spears could have overnight visits with her kids something she had been seeking .
she will get two visits a week from noon to p . m . and one from noon to a . m . the next morning .
the order also cited some details of an oct . report submitted by parenting coach lisa hacker about her observations of spears with her children .
"however , hacker was concerned that spears didn t seem to have child centered interactions , according to the ruling ."
"during all three of her visits , spears rarely engaged with the children in either conversation or play , hacker said in her report ."
hacker also reported that spears seemed to have a lack of general attention at times but added there was nothing she would characterize as abusive in a traditional sense .
"spears had filed a request friday to terminate or modify the order , according to court records ."
"los angeles , california cnn robert goulet , the handsome , big voiced baritone whose broadway debut in camelot launched an award winning stage and recording career , has died ."
"the singer died tuesday morning in a los angeles hospital while awaiting a lung transplant , said goulet spokesman norm johnson ."
he had been awaiting a lung transplant at cedars sinai medical center in los angeles after being found last month to have a rare form of pulmonary fibrosis .
"goulet had remained in good spirits even as he waited for the transplant , said vera goulet , his wife of years ."
"just watch my vocal cords , she said he told doctors before they inserted a breathing tube ."
"the massachusetts born goulet , who spent much of his youth in canada , gained stardom in with camelot , the lerner and loewe musical that starred richard burton as king arthur and julie andrews as his queen guenevere ."
"goulet played sir lancelot , the arrogant french knight who falls in love with guenevere ."
he became a hit with american tv viewers with appearances on the ed sullivan show and other programs .
"ankara , turkey cnn turkey s prime minister said tuesday increased military action against separatist kurdish rebels was unavoidable and pressed the united states for a crackdown on guerrilla bases in northern iraq ."
turkish helicopters pounded rebel positions near the border with rockets for a second day and turkey brought in troops by the truckload in an operation against mountainside emplacements .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan told members of his party in parliament it is now unavoidable that turkey will have to go through a more intensive military process .
"but he also suggested he was not seeking an immediate cross border offensive against the rebels of the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , holed up in bases in northern iraq . the responsibility of leadership does not allow for narrow mindedness , haste or heroism , he said ."
"we must remember that turkey is part of this world and diplomacy has certain requirements , erdogan added , suggesting the world expected turkey to exhaust all nonmilitary options ."
erdogan flies to washington on nov . for talks with president bush that could be key to whether turkey carries out its threat of a major military incursion .
secretary of state condoleezza rice is also expected in turkey later this week .
"we will openly express that we expect urgent steps from the united states , which is our strategic partner and ally and has a special responsibility regarding iraq , erdogan said ."
"the united states , iraq and other countries have been calling on turkey to refrain from a cross border campaign , which could throw one of the few stable areas in iraq into chaos ."
white house press secretary dana perino said bush s discussions with erdogan would include the fight against terrorism in particular our joint efforts to counter the pkk .
erdogan s cabinet scheduled a meeting for wednesday to discuss possible economic measures against groups supporting the kurdish rebels .
deputy prime minister hayati yazici said turkey was considering a series of sanctions against the self governing kurdish administration in iraq s north .
there has been talk of shutting down the habur border crossing the only vehicular route into iraq from turkey .
"jamal abdullah , a spokesman for the iraqi kurd regional government , complained that economic sanctions would represent a collective punishment against kurdistan s people ."
he warned that turkey and the u . s . army also would suffer if the border crossing was closed .
"about percent of u . s . air cargo headed for iraq goes through turkey , as does about one third of the fuel used by the u . s . military there ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn the number of u . s . military and iraqi civilian deaths has dropped dramatically , according to recent reports , although american military officials said it is too soon to declare a turning point in the conflict ."
"thirty seven americans have died in october , the lowest monthly figure since march when perished , according to the u . s . military ."
three soldiers died tuesday southeast of baghdad when a roadside bomb struck a u . s . military patrol .
"the number of iraqi civilians killed in september was , down from , in january , according to iraqi governmental figures provided to cnn ."
"slain bodies found dumped in baghdad dropped from in august to in september and so far in october , the iraqi interior ministry said ."
point to a decrease in violence after a year of pitched battles and sectarian strife .
"still , cautious u . s . and iraqi military officials aren t ready to proclaim a decisive moment in the war , saying such an outlook would require the iraqi government to do a better job of promoting political reconciliation and compromise ."
other examples of a decline in violence have emerged as well .
"an iraqi commander , lt . gen . abud qanbar , said last week there have been steep decreases in attacks such as car bombings , terrorist operations against iraqi security forces and civilians , and sectarian assassination attempts ."
iraqi and u . s . officials point to several factors contributing to this decline
"the surge offensive added nearly , u . s . troops this year in baghdad and insurgent filled regions near the capital such as anbar and diyala provinces ."
"the mehdi army , the militia of the anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , is holding to its cease fire ."
authorities believe the militia has been responsible for killing sunnis and rival shiites .
"the tiny by inch oil painting sold for , at a hamburg art auction last weekend , auction house kunst kettler said ."
"the work , preparation to escape to egypt , was painted by an unknown artist close to venetian painter carlo saraceni between and , the auction house said monday night ."
the student s identity was not revealed .
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s justice minister said a friend of a friend . . . is a member of al qaeda and had entered the country several times , using various passports , an officer of the justice ministry told cnn ."
"justice minister kumio hatoyama s comments came during a news conference at the foreign correspondents club of japan on monday when he was explaining japan s new , tougher immigration procedures , which will require foreigners to provide finger prints and photographs upon entering the country ."
"a friend of a friend of mine is a member of al qaeda involved in a bombing in bali , hatoyama said , adding the alleged member of the terrorist network had gone in and out of japan a number of times two or three years ago ."
"later on monday , hatoyama held another news conference and tried to clarify his comments , saying , i am not a friend of the terrorist and i do not know him personally ."
"according to hatoyama , he does know a man in a butterfly collectors group he belongs to who said he received a message from a man believed to be involved with a terrorist organization ."
"the minister said he learned three or four months after the bali nightclub bombings that his friend had been given prior warning not to travel to central bali , site of the terrorist attacks that killed more than people mostly westerners ."
"i didn t know of the terrorist attack plans before the incident took place , hatoyama said ."
"chief cabinet secretary nobutaka machimura said it was clear that hatoyama did not directly know the al qaeda member , but he urged hatoyama before a cabinet meeting tuesday to be more careful in his remarks ."
"i fear his comments could lead to misunderstanding , machimura told reporters . it would be unfortunate if it was thought that japan s justice minister had contacts with terrorists ."
hatoyama s statement came during a news conference to discuss a new program to fingerprint nearly all foreigners entering japan .
the minister appeared to be offering the anecdote as evidence of the program s necessity
critics have denounced the program as a violation of human rights .
tokyo s support of the u . s . led invasions of afghanistan and iraq and dispatch of forces to each region have raised concerns that japan could be targeted by terrorists .
"i know this may cause a lot of inconvenience , but it s very necessary to fight terror , hatoyama said of the fingerprinting measures ."
"tropical storm noel weakened tuesday over most of cuba after lashing the island s northern coast , but heavy rains continued to deluge the dominican republic , haiti and portions of the bahamas , forecasters said ."
"gen . luis luna paulino , director of civil defense for the dominican republic , said people have died there and are missing ."
"outlying bands of the storm were expected to reach the southeast edge of florida on wednesday night or thursday morning , before veering from the u . s . coast ."
"a storm watch means tropical storm conditions , including winds of at least mph kmh , are expected within hours ."
"however , the u . s . national hurricane center said in its p . m . et tuesday advisory that noel s intensity is not expected to change within the next hours ."
"it was drifting west northwest at near mph and was clinging to tropical storm status with maximum sustained winds near mph kmh and higher gusts , forecasters said ."
"twenty four f fighter jets were relocating to dobbins air force base near atlanta , georgia ."
"cambodian s prime minister said tuesday he was severing ties with his adopted daughter , who is a lesbian , but appealed to people not to discriminate against gay people ."
"i m quite disappointed , hun sen said ."
he made the rare revelation about his closely guarded family life during a public speech at a student graduation ceremony .
"cambodian society , like that of neighboring thailand , is generally tolerant of homosexuality ."
"in , then king norodom sihanouk announced his support for gay rights , including the right to marry ."
hun sen said he plans to file a civil court case to disown his adopted daughter so that she cannot claim any inheritance from his family .
"we are concerned that she might one day cause us trouble . . . and try to stake her claim for a share of our assets , he said ."
"the prime minister and his wife , bun rany , have three sons and two other daughters ."
he said they adopted their third daughter in the mid s when she was days old .
"despite his action toward his daughter , hun sen in his speech to the graduating class at the national institute of education appealed to parents and society not to discriminate against gay people ."
"the charges were confirmed by leonard vincent , who heads the africa desk at paris based reporters without borders ."
three french journalists are among those charged .
"in addition , vincent said , seven crew members of a spanish charter company were charged with complicity ."
"the were being held in the eastern chadian city of abeche and were expected to be transferred to the capital , n djamena , later in the week , vincent said ."
the group was arrested last week as they tried to put children on a plane to france .
"the rescue mission was organized by l arche de zoe zoe s ark , a paris based charity which said the children were orphans from the darfur crisis and were being taken to foster families in france ."
"the chadian government disputed that , and a spokeswoman for the unhcr said that based on preliminary interviews with the children , they most probably are from chad ."
"the arrested french nationals include six members of zoe s ark and three french journalists , vincent said ."
"her editor gave her a camera because she wanted to cover the operation , vincent said , but she was also sympathetic to the association as she wanted to host one of the kids ."
"cnn the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u . s . navy reported tuesday ."
"when the battle aboard the dai hong dan was over , two pirates were dead and five were captured , the navy said ."
three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided missile destroyer uss james e . williams .
"the captured pirates were being held aboard the north korean vessel , the navy said ."
"the bandits had seized the ship s bridge , while the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines , the navy said ."
"the koreans moved against the attackers after the williams responding to reports of the hijacking ordered the pirates to give up their weapons , according to the navy ."
"when the crew members stormed the bridge , the deadly battle began ."
"after the crew regained control , navy sailors boarded the dai hong dan to help with the injured ."
north korea and the united states have no diplomatic relations .
maria sharapova has been awarded a place at the season ending wta championships after american venus williams withdrew on medical advice .
"the accumulation of matches has taken its toll and i have received several medical opinions to delay my return to competitive tennis , williams said in a statement ."
i look forward to playing in the new year for what will hopefully be an even better .
russia s sharapova won her debut at the wta championships and has qualified every year since .
"this has been a very frustrating year for me physically , but i m a big competitor and am determined to compete at the wta championships , sharapova said ."
"justine henin , jelena jankovic , svetlana kuznetsova , ana ivanovic , serena williams , anna chakvetadze and daniela hantuchova also will play in the november event at the madrid arena ."
wimbledon runner up marion bartoli is the first alternate .
"cnn a strike by construction workers in one of the world s fastest growing financial centers stretched into a third day monday , with workers in the united arab emirates demanding better pay and working conditions , police said ."
"about , workers in dubai blocked the main highway to abu dhabi , worsening the traffic jams that are already a fixture in this booming economy ."
the number of striking workers was slightly fewer than in previous days .
police said the workers attacked both civilians and police and that there were injuries on both sides .
police said they responded only after the workers attacked them .
"the strikes started saturday when the workers some of whom are building the burj dubai , which will be the world s tallest structure when it is completed next year walked out in a disagreement over pay and working conditions ."
"some workers are demanding a raise , while others say they haven t been paid at all ."
police said a government representative addressed the striking workers grievances .
it was not clear what effect the strikes would have on construction of the burj dubai and other buildings in the port city .
"luciano pavarotti s widow has broken her silence to denounce italian media reports alleging financial and family problems , saying she never imagined she and the late tenor would be so publicly insulted ."
"she chose the rai state television talk show , che tempo che fa , conducted by a longtime friend of the family , to speak publicly for the first time since the september death of the great italian tenor ."
she set out to defend herself and pavarotti against a series of italian media reports alleging that pavarotti had left her million in debt
pavarotti left half of his estate to mantovani and half to his four daughters .
"between me and his daughters , there is no disagreement , particularly over pavarotti s decision to leave mantovani with the couple s new york properties ."
"the press and television that is trying to incriminate that relationship is truly unseemly , she said ."
"mantovani said she had never imagined that she would go on tv to discuss such personal issues , but that she felt obliged to set the record straight because pavarotti could no longer do so himself and because alice would one day want to learn more about her father ."
"an attempt by a group of french charity workers to spirit away more than children they claimed were orphans from the darfur crisis could have seriously damaged relief efforts in the region , a senior aid official told cnn monday ."
"seven crew members of a spanish charter company and a belgian pilot were also detained , according to french television reports ."
"a spokesman for french president nicolas sarkozy condemned the actions of the charity workers , which chadian president idriss deby characterized as a case of straightforward kidnapping"
the spokesman told cnn the attempt to remove the children was both illegal and unacceptable .
"of the french nationals , six of those detained are thought to work for the charity and three are journalists ."
"the rescue attempt was organized by l arche de zoe zoe s ark , a paris based aid organization ."
"oil prices rose above a barrel to a new trading high in asia monday on growing political tensions in the middle east , a weak dollar and worries about the supply outlook ahead of the winter ."
"the strong price is due to supply concerns in general , on top of which we have the geopolitical news , said victor shum , a singapore based energy analyst with purvin gertz ."
"light , sweet crude for december delivery rose as much as . to . a barrel , a new intraday record , in early afternoon asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , before slipping back to . ."
that was still up . from friday s record close of . a barrel .
"the previous trading high was . a barrel , set friday ."
a rumbling of tensions in the middle east has worried traders about the disruption of oil exports .
"also , last friday , gunmen in speedboats kidnapped six workers from an oil vessel off nigeria s coast , the second attack on an oilfield in a week ."
nigeria is africa s largest oil exporter and the fifth largest supplier of crude to the united states .
"the dollar s descent against major currencies has drawn investors to crude futures as a hedge against the weakening currency and made dollar denominated oil futures less expensive to people dealing in other currencies , said david moore , commodities strategist with the commonwealth bank of australia in sydney ."
"a battalion of about militia forces moved closer to the turkish border over the weekend , according to u . s . military officials familiar with the latest information from the region ."
"it was not immediately clear how close to the border the peshmerga , or kurdish troops , moved ."
neither was it clear whether kurdish leaders or iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki had requested the troops to move .
"both iraqi leaders and leaders in the kurdish regional government have been under pressure to crack down on the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , a rebel group that has triggered a border crisis along iraq s northern border with turkey ."
"turkish authorities blame the group for the deaths of dozens of soldiers and civilians in recent weeks , and wants iraq to handle the rebels inside their territory ."
"however , turkey has cautioned that it cannot wait indefinitely for iraq to do so ."
"the united states and the european union have designated the pkk a group that is looking to carve an independent state out of parts of iran , iraq , syria and turkey as a terrorist organization ."
"last week , al maliki used the same term when he repeated his intention to shut down the pkk offices in iraq ."
"on saturday , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan warned that whenever an operation is needed to be carried out , we will do that . we do not need to ask anything from anyone for that ."
a russian serial murderer dubbed the chessboard killer was given the maximum sentence of life in prison monday and ordered to undergo psychiatric therapy for a string of at least murders that terrorized moscow for years .
a moscow jury convicted alexander pichushkin last week of murders and three attempted murders .
"pichushkin claimed he had actually committed murders , though prosecutors were unable to find evidence to prove that ."
pichushkin earned the nickname chessboard killer for saying he had intended to kill one person for each of the squares on a chessboard .
"in ordering pichushkin to receive compulsory psychiatric therapy , the judge said the defendant has a mental disorder but is still sane and cannot avoid responsibility for his crimes ."
"throughout his trial , pichushkin gloated over his crimes and ridiculed the police case against him ."
"if they hadn t caught me , i would have never stopped . having caught me , they saved many lives . watch video report on serial killer alexander pichushkin"
"he lured his victims with the promise of alcohol and , after getting them drunk on vodka , he beat them to death and dumped their bodies in the park ."
"but the crucial lead came in , when a woman pichushkin worked with at a vegetable store was found dead ."
she had left a note at her home saying she was going for a walk with him . pichushkin said he had been aware of the note but killed her anyway .
"mexico city , mexico cnn perhaps better known for impossible traffic , kidnappings and some of the world s worst air , mexico s sprawling capital of million seems like the last place you would go for natural splendor and pristine wilderness ."
"but with snowcapped volcanos , alpine meadows , deep pine woods and tropical forests all within two hours ."
"for travelers feeling smothered by mexico city s claustrophobic chaos , fresh air and wide open spaces are not far away ."
"if you are adventurous , and have a smattering of spanish , ask your hotel or hostel to help you figure out the city s complicated but cheap subway and bus network ."
"alternatively , hire a taxi for the day ."
but beware that street cabs can be dangerous .
"although more expensive , it s best to take a cab that is either registered with the hotel or waiting at a cab stand . here are hikes you can easily do from mexico city ."
"an hour south of the city , this relatively small mountain is a piece of cake to find"
getting to tepozteco
"still standing , the monastery is open to the public and is easily found at the park s main parking area and entrance , at an altitude of around , feet ."
"starting at the parking area , walk downhill until you reach a small river and a mill pond . from there , pick one of the countless trails that branch off the main path along the river and start exploring ."
"before heading back to town , be sure to order a hot chocolate at the restaurant adjacent to the parking area ."
"to get to paso de cortes from mexico city , take a two hour bus to the village of amecameca and then catch a cab on the street"
"on a clear day , the view from the saddle is magnificent ."
go to the tapo bus station at the san lazaro metro stop .
"take the bus to the town of amecameca , and take a taxi from there ."
you will begin hiking through a thick pine forest on ajusco s steep lower slopes before breaking the treeline .
"ajusco is best climbed on a clear , sunny day , when you will be able to see the surrounding countryside , mexico city to the north and perhaps izta and popo to the southeast ."
"the best way to get to nevado de toluca is to take a bus to the city of toluca , at the foot of the mountain , and from there either rent a car or take a taxi the remaining distance ."
the best route to the summit is along the knife edge ridge that begins to rise from near the lake of the moon .
"miami , florida cnn cuba issued a tropical storm warning for parts of central and southeastern cuba in the camaguey and las tunas provinces as tropical storm noel approached the island at p . m . et ."
"a still disorganized noel headed toward the bahamas late monday , spurring the government to issue a watch as the storm churned miles southeast of great exuma island , according to the national hurricane center in miami , florida ."
"noel lashed the dominican republic with heavy rain on monday , causing flooding and mudslides that left people dead in the dominican republic , a government spokesman said ."
"the associated press , also citing government officials reported at least people have been killed and another missing ."
"the storm had been expected to hit haiti directly but veered toward the dominican republic , apparently catching residents off guard ."
schools and shops closed across the dominican republic and many roads were impassable .
communication was cut between many small towns and the capital .
a u . s . air force reconnaissance plane went out monday afternoon to more precisely locate the storm s center .
maximum wind strength was mph at p . m . et .
tropical storm warnings were in effect for the central and southeastern turks and caicos islands
portions of southeastern cuba and part of haiti .
"the hurricane center expected noel to produce up to to inches of rainfall over the island of hispaniola , which includes haiti and the dominican republic ."
rainfall could reach inches in some areas .
"the rains could cause life threatening floods and mudslides on the two nation island , the hurricane center said ."
"five to inches of rain was predicted for southeastern cuba and the central and southeastern bahamas , with maximum rainfall in some areas of inches ."
"cnn authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u . s . embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u . s . officials told cnn ."
"as a precaution , britain also shut its embassy in baku to the public on monday following security concerns nearby , britain s foreign office said ."
"the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u . s . officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan s national security ministry told cnn ."
"u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack stressed that the details are still unfolding , and the threat may or may not be linked to the saturday raid ."
"there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u . s . embassy there , mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted ."
"several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u . s . officials said ."
"government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on saturday in the village of mastaga , about miles km northeast of baku , the spokesman said ."
"one suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep , the spokesman said ."
he said the terror plot also targeted azerbaijani government buildings .
the u . s . embassy in baku issued a warden message warning americans in azerbaijan to take precautions .
"azerbaijan is a former soviet republic that borders the caspian sea , and lies just north of iran ."
mccormack said u . s . authorities are working closely with their counterparts in baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume .
"london , england cnn saudi arabia s king abdullah has stirred up controversy ahead of a rare visit to britain which begins monday , accusing british authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the london bombings"
"in an interview with the british broadcasting corporation that aired on monday , the saudi king said britain failed to act on information provided by saudi security services ahead of the suicide bombings on london s transport network in july , that killed people and injured more than ."
"we sent information to great britain before the terrorist atrocities in britain , but unfortunately no action was taken and it may have been able to avert the tragedy , the monarch told the bbc ."
monday will mark the first state visit by a saudi monarch in years .
"in the bbc interview , he refused to elaborate on the details of the intelligence , saying that disclosing specific information may cause sensitivities between the two countries security services ."
"however , he went on to say that britain was among a number of countries that were not taking the issue of global terrorism seriously ."
a british home office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from saudi arabia had been overlooked in the run up to the atrocities and that information provided by the saudis was materially different from what actually occurred on july and clearly not relevant to those acts .
"we have made it clear that if we had intelligence that could have prevented the attacks we would have acted upon it , the spokesman told cnn ."
the spokesman said an investigation by the british parliament s intelligence and security committee isc published last year found there was no evidence that intelligence passed on by the saudis could have prevented the bombings .
"british foreign secretary david miliband pulled out of a meeting with his saudi arabian counterpart in london monday , but the foreign office insisted it was for personal reasons and not a snub ."
"miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the british foreign office confirmed to cnn ."
the foreign office insisted miliband s decision
to pull out of the meeting with saudi s foreign minister saud al faisal was due to personal reasons and was in no way linked to king abdullah s comments .
miliband s duties are being carried out by junior ministers in his absence .
"army brig . gen . jeffrey dorko was injured monday when a roadside bomb exploded near his vehicle in baghdad , pentagon sources said ."
dorko is believed to be the highest ranking u . s . military officer injured in the war .
"he suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to germany , the sources said ."
"dorko took command of the u . s . army corps of engineers gulf region division in baghdad on october , according to the corps of engineers web site ."
"also on monday , the iraqi army freed seven tribal sheikhs abducted sunday in eastern baghdad , baghdad commander gen . abboud qanbar told al iraqia state television ."
"qanbar said eight sheikhs had been abducted , but one was killed sunday while resisting ."
"the freed sheikhs were shiite , from anbakiya tribe , the tribal leader said ."
"the tribal leader said the body of a sunni sheikh , who was from the al azza tribe , was later found near where the kidnapping took place ."
he said the three remaining sheikhs were sunni .
an interior ministry official had originally told cnn that tribal sheikhs seven sunni and three shiite had been kidnapped
"washington cnn a u . s . destroyer has entered somali territorial waters in pursuit of a japanese owned ship loaded with benzene that was hijacked by pirates over the weekend , military officials said monday ."
"the guided missile destroyer uss arleigh burke entered somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in mogadishu , u . s . officials said ."
the ongoing operation was confirmed to cnn by two military officials familiar with the details .
"gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the panamanian flagged golden mori off the socotra archipelago , near the horn of africa , said andrew mwangura , a spokesman for kenya s seafarers assistance programme ."
the golden mori radioed for help sunday night .
"the burke s sister ship , the uss porter , opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to its stern before the burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel ."
"u . s . and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for several years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u . n . backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after years of near anarchy ."
"in may , a u . s . navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least miles off the somali coast ."
but the u . s . maritime administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore .
the so called laptops for children may make it to india after all .
"last year , india rebuffed one laptop per child , the massachusetts institute of technology spinoff that created rugged little computers for kids in the developing world ."
"mass production of its roughly laptops is expected to begin soon , but with fewer than the several million computers originally envisioned ."
"even after hearing the minister s comments , one laptop per child kept talking to indian officials , companies and non governmental agencies ."
"carla gomez monroy , the education consultant who launched the test , said one laptop per child has learned that working with local partners will be crucial in india , where dozens of languages are spoken ."
it also helps that one laptop per child has dropped its initial goal of getting each participating government to buy at least million computers .
"and in india s case , she said , it could mean distribution begins as soon as june ."
"every week for more than a year of his travels , jay lenstrom , the chief executive of chicago based radiate group , got stuck for several hours at charlotte douglas international airport in north carolina . he tried to make the best of it ."
the u . s . department of transportation ranked newark liberty international airport as the worst for on time arrivals between january and august
john f . kennedy international airport in new york city was at the bottom for on time departures .
"new york s other major airport , laguardia , also ranked near the bottom in both categories ."
"if you can arrange to pass through certain airports , your travel trauma is likely to decrease ."
"salt lake city international airport was no . for on time arrivals between january and august , while portland oregon international airport was tops for on time departures ."
"san diego international airport also did well , making both lists at no . ."
cesc fabregas grabbed a deserved late equalizer as arsenal went back to the top of the english premier league with a draw at fellow title chasers liverpool on sunday .
"it was the th goal of the season for the outstanding spanish midfielder and came after a searching run by alexander hleb who delayed his pass perfectly to play in fabregas , who easily beat jose reina from close in ."
arsenal might have grabbed a late winner as fabregas hit the post and substitute niklas bendtner fired the rebound over with the goal gaping .
defeat would have been harsh for liverpool who were much improved on their champions league defeat to besiktas and took the lead through a steven gerrard free kick after seven minutes .
level on points with manchester united having played a game less but top on goal scored .
they face the champions in a crunch match next saturday at the emirates stadium .
"overall it was a great football game , said arsenal manager arsene wenger . we had enough chances to win , he added ."
"authorities are investigating the deaths of two americans whose bodies were found at one of hong kong s most luxurious hotels , police and reports said saturday ."
"cleaning staff found the two men s bodies in a room at the grand hyatt hotel on friday afternoon , a police spokeswoman said , speaking on condition of anonymity due to policy ."
"the cause of the deaths was not yet known and an autopsy was expected to be carried out later saturday , the spokeswoman said . police were not yet treating the deaths as suspicious , she said ."
"the spokeswoman confirmed both men were u . s . citizens , but said she did not know where they were from ."
grand hyatt spokeswoman karen cheung said it was business as usual at the hotel .
she said she could not reveal any information about the deaths because the investigation was still under way .
cnn spaniards rarely seem at a loss for words except when it comes to their national anthem .
but that could soon change .
"the idea for the competition came from the spanish olympic committee , which wanted athletes and fans to have words to sing when the anthem is played at sports events ."
"i get a very strange feeling when we have to sing la , la , la , said alejandro blanco , president of the committee ."
"thousands of entries have been received since the competition opened in july , and a six member panel representing music , history , literature , politics , and sports meets next week to start deciding the winning lyrics ."
"i think it s going to be a big job for the six of us , said theresa zabell , a panel member and former olympian ."
"the origins of the anthem are disputed , according to michael jamieson bristow , a composer and music historian ."
"some claim it was composed by a german and given as a gift to king carlos iii in , while others believe the tune was originally french and reset for military orchestras in the late s ."
bristow says the music is rather slow and makes a solemn rather than a fiery impression .
gen . francisco franco declared it the official anthem in .
"zabell said the panel has until dec . to choose a winner , at which point it will hand the winning lyrics to the spanish parliament for a final vote ."
the number of entries isn t the only thing complicating the panel s task .
"in a country with a diverse culture and fierce regional pride , choosing words to represent everyone could be impossible ."
"we have to take care and not make it overtly political , said carlos vaso , a musician and composer . it should reflect spanish patriotic values and should include everyone , leaving aside political ideologies ."
"language itself is also an issue , because spanish is not the dominant language everywhere in spain ."
"catalan is spoken in barcelona , euskara is spoken in the basque region , and galego is spoken in galicia , in the northwest ."
"zabell , who won gold in the sailing events at the olympics in barcelona and the games in atlanta , said she s not too worried about trying to please everyone ."
"i think we have to find some words that the people that feel proud of being spanish , and feel proud of the spanish flag , would want to sing , she said . if there are people that don t fall in that category , then nobody is going to oblige them ."
"the sketch is based on an account given by the couple s friend jane tanner , who was eating with jerry and kate mccann on the evening that the british girl was taken from the family s portuguese holiday apartment ."
tanner has said that she saw the man walking away from the area of the mccann s apartment but at the time did not realize the relevance .
"the impression , which was released yesterday , shows a man of southern european or mediterranean appearance walking while cradling a child ."
"the abductor is ft in . m tall , of slim build and aged between and ."
he has straggly or greasy dark hair and is wearing a brown or maroon top and beige chinos .
"he is shown carrying a child , whose legs , clothed in the same pyjama bottoms as madeleine s , can be seen dangling from his arms ."
"the artist has left blank certain details , such as the face , of which tanner was uncertain ."
"clarence mitchell , spokesman for the mccanns , said this is another important phase of our investigation into madeleine s abduction and we hope that this picture will be a very important reminder to anyone who was in the area on that night who may have seen this man ."
"new delhi , india cnn tens of thousands of impoverished indians arrived in the national capital on sunday ending a monthlong march to draw attention to the plight of those dispossessed of their land by recent economic development ."
"an estimated , protesters waved flags and chanted give us land , give us water , as they marched in long , orderly lines to central new delhi where they plan to hold a massive protest monday ."
"the demonstrators , who marched some miles from the central city of gwalior , say they have not only been left behind in the wake of india s recent economic boom , but have suffered directly from the growth , with many forced from their land to make way for government backed economic projects ."
died in eastern india after clashes between farmers and government supporters over proposed land seizures to create an industrial zone .
"we don t have food , land or water . we are going to delhi to get this , rasi ram , one of the marchers in new delhi , told the cnn ibn news channel ."
india is trying to attract foreign investment to spur its economy and help develop its largely backward infrastructure .
"to that end , it has set up special economic zones , where companies get tax breaks to set up business and factories ."
but critics say farmers are often forced from their land or cheated on its value when an area is designated for these projects .
"in west bengal state , three government supporters died in an explosion , a day after an activist who opposes the land grabs was shot dead by supporters of the governing communist party of india marxist , said raj kanojia , the state s inspector general of police ."
farmers in the nandigram area in west bengal fiercely resisted efforts by authorities to force land sales at cheap rates to build a shipyard and a petrochemical plant .
"the government officially abandoned the plan to acquire , acres of land in nandigram in march , but the violence has continued ."
"cnn six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday ."
"this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , dennis a . pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters ."
"the seventh fatality is believed to be a clemson university student , he said ."
"the six survivors who were treated and released from brunswick community hospital are also usc students , he said ."
"pruitt said the bodies were being sent to chapel hill , north carolina , for identification ."
"it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend ."
"the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function ."
"it just so happens , as on many university campuses , that certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together , he said ."
"one person described as unaccounted for was later confirmed dead , ocean isle beach mayor debbie smith told cnn ."
"she said officials had not yet contacted all the victims families , and that they were not yet releasing their names ."
the mayor said one of the people in the house was related to the house s owner .
"smith said the house was fully engulfed in flames around a . m . when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified ."
"she said the house had working smoke detectors , ap reported ."
"officials are investigating the cause of the fire , smith said ."
"haiti posted tropical storm warnings along its entire coastline and cuba placed much of its eastern end under similar advisories sunday as tropical storm noel gained strength in the caribbean sea , forecasters reported ."
national hurricane center forecasters are projecting noel will pass over southern haiti late sunday and cross the eastern end of cuba before turning northward toward the bahamas .
"at p . m . et sunday , the storm had top winds of mph km h and was located about miles km south southeast of the haitian capital port au prince , moving north northwest at nearly mph ."
noel is the th named storm of the atlantic hurricane season .
"it is expected to dump heavy rains over southeastern cuba , jamaica and hispaniola the island shared by haiti and the dominican republic with accumulations of to inches ."
"these rains could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslides , the nhc warned ."
"the storm could drench puerto rico , as well , with to inches of rain , the center said ."
"former prime minister benazir bhutto visited the families of people killed in a suicide bombing attempt on her life , touring a poor neighborhood sunday in a visit kept secret until the last minute to protect her from another assassination bid ."
"bhutto toured the city of larkana , near her ancestral village , a day after beginning her first trip outside karachi since the oct . assassination attempt there shattered a mass rally to welcome her home and left people dead ."
"security guards encircled the sports utility vehicle that carried the two time premier past hundreds of residents who squeezed into the narrow streets of the ayoub colony , a poor neighborhood , to welcome her ."
"surrounded by about a dozen policemen and wearing her trademark white headscarf , bhutto went to the home of nizamuddin sammo , a year old supporter who was killed in the blast , and met with his mother and two sisters , promising them financial assistance from her pakistan people s party ."
she praised sammo as a young man who lost his life in the moment to save democracy . . . he did not bow his head before dictatorship and terrorism .
"after the bombing , bhutto had been largely confined to her residence in karachi , but she has vowed to press on with her campaign for parliamentary elections , slated for january , and not be intimidated by the attempt on her life ."
i found security in that because the terrorists cannot get you unless they know where you are going .
"cheap foreign labor is drawn into the city from the impoverished lower class of india , pakistan and bangladesh , forming the vital underpinnings to dubai s spectacular building boom ."
"the workers have complained about long hours , no minimum wage , harsh living conditions and no legal forums in which to air their complaints about management ."
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad accused the united states of applying a double standard in dealing with terrorism by its lack of action against kurdish rebels who launch attacks against turkey from northern iraq .
the turkish government which so far has restrained itself from undertaking a full scale military operation amid diplomatic pressure wants iraq to handle the rebels inside iraqi territory and has been saying it can t wait indefinitely for iraq to do so .
"the united states , which believes an offensive will make the unstable region even more volatile , is making attempts to stop such an attack ."
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice will be in ankara thursday for bilateral meetings with erdogan and turkish president abdullah gul .
no turkish incursion into northern iraq is expected until after erdogan meets with president bush at the white house on november .
several major exit polls suggested that first lady cristina fernandez de kirchner won the presidency sunday by a large enough margin to avoid a runoff .
she would be the first woman in argentina elected to the post .
"she has been compared to u . s . sen . hillary rodham clinton , who like her is a lawyer and senator who soldiered alongside a husband as he rose from small state governor to his nation s presidency ."
"her closest challengers , former lawmaker elisa carrio and former economy minister roberto lavagna , were trying to force her into a november runoff ."
"she needed percent of the vote , with a lead of more than percent over her nearest rival , to win outright ."
five independent television networks and at least one private radio station reported their exit polling indicated fernandez has easily won a first round victory .
"three of the television networks released their numbers , giving fernandez between and percent of the vote , with advantages of between and percentage points over carrio ."
"london , england cnn details emerged sunday that the british royal family is at the center of an alleged blackmail plot ."
scotland yard confirmed to cnn that two men have been charged with trying to blackmail an unnamed member of the royal family .
the men aged and appeared behind closed doors at the city of westminster magistrates court in london last month each charged with one count of blackmail .
it is being reported in the british press sunday that the men approached the royal household and suggested that they had video tape of a royal taking part in a sex act .
british newspapers have also said that the alleged blackmailers claimed to have tape of a royal aide snorting cocaine supplied by a member of the royal family .
it is reported that the police were then brought in and that a detective posed as a royal official during a meeting with the alleged blackmailers at a london hotel .
two suspects were then arrested .
buckingham palace said this is a police matter and they cannot comment further .
the judge in this case has banned the media from publishing or broadcasting any information that would lead to the identification of the accused or the alleged victim .
"orange , california cnn with the number of uncontained fires down to nine in southern california , gov . arnold schwarzenegger turned his attention saturday to what he called the ugly side of human behavior during and after the disaster ."
"at least two of the fires were started intentionally and two more have suspicious origins , he said during a news conference , issuing a warning for the arsonists ."
"we will hunt down the people that are responsible for that , he said ."
"if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we re right behind you , schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in ."
"authorities said saturday they were following , tips about a white ford f pickup that may be a lead in determining who set the sprawling santiago fire in orange county ."
"witnesses reported seeing the model truck with chrome tubular running boards on santiago canyon road on sunday afternoon , about the time the santiago fire started ."
"investigators said this week that the fire had two points of origin , and they found evidence at the scene , although they declined to describe it ."
the fire is percent contained down from percent on wednesday .
"it has burned , acres and destroyed homes ."
"there is a , reward for information leading to an arrest ."
"authorities also consider the rosa fire in san diego county , which burned more than acres before being fully contained , an arson ."
"five people in three counties have been arrested in arson probes , but none has been linked to any of the large fires ."
"anyone who tries to rip off vulnerable homeowners and anyone else victimized by the fire will get no mercy in finding and prosecuting them , several officials said ."
"jerusalem cnn israel restricted the flow of fuel to hamas controlled gaza on sunday , a move it vowed to take in response to the incessant firing of rockets into israel , an adviser to prime minister ehud olmert said ."
ten israeli and palestinian human rights groups are petitioning israel s supreme court to stop the reduction .
the israeli company dor alon supplies fuel to gaza .
"dor alon had previously halted fuel shipments following hamas takeover of gaza earlier this year , but restarted them ."
"it s unclear how the new reductions will affect gaza s power plant , which is fueled by dor alon ."
"the israeli daily , haaretz , reported the power plant received a full supply of fuel sunday ."
"but ahmed ali , deputy director of gaza s petroleum authority , told the associated press that fuel shipments on sunday were more than percent below normal ."
"he said israel delivered , gallons of diesel fuel , compared to the typical , gallons on a normal day , and , gallons of gasoline , instead of the regular supply of , gallons ."
"he said gaza keeps about four days of fuel reserves , the ap reported ."
israeli defense minister ehud barak approved the fuel cuts thursday as part of a plan by israeli security officials looking to stem rocket attacks on southern israel .
olmert s government has been under mounting pressure to do something about the rocket attacks .
"according to the israel defense forces , about rockets were fired into israel from june to september , percent more than were fired during the same period in ."
some israeli officials downplayed the significance of the reduction .
"speaking on israel army radio , israeli deputy defense minister matan vilnai said the plan would gradually cut the electricity supply without harming humanitarian sources like hospitals ."
and israeli government spokeswoman miri eisin said israel remains committed that there will not be a humanitarian crisis in gaza as a result of its action
but the human rights groups petitioning israel s supreme court said the consequences of disrupting electricity and fuel supplies cannot be controlled or predicted .
they are demanding the court issue an immediate injunction to freeze the aforementioned governmental decision pending its hearing of the petition .
"china s supercharged economy grew by a stunning . percent in the third quarter , surging ahead despite official efforts to cool the boom and putting it on track to overtake germany as the world s third largest within weeks , according to data reported thursday ."
"growth exceeded forecasts , but was below the . percent rate reported in the previous quarter ."
it was driven by a double digit surge in exports and investment in factories and other fixed assets despite repeated interest rate hikes .
"growth for the first nine months of the year was . percent , the same rate recorded for the first half of the year , the national bureau of statistics reported ."
but a spokesman said the government has succeeded in keeping the rapid expansion under control .
the communist government wants to maintain fast growth to ease poverty but worries that a runaway expansion or overspending on real estate and other assets could ignite a financial crisis .
"beijing has raised interest rates five times this year to tamp down investment , and economists expect another hike later in the year ."
jurors deliberated for more than five hours before recommending the sentence for lisa montgomery .
"montgomery , , was convicted monday of kidnapping and killing bobbie jo stinnett on december , , in the victim s home in the northwest missouri town of skidmore ."
"she was arrested the next day in melvern , kansas , where she was showing off the newborn as her own ."
montgomery wiped her eyes with a tissue as the jury announced its sentencing decision .
prosecutors argued that stinnett s killing and mutilation is the kind of crime for which capital punishment is intended .
"federal prosecutor roseann ketchmark said montgomery had violated stinnett in the most wicked way possible , then failed to seek medical attention for the infant , who was four weeks shy of her due date ."
"defense attorney fred duchardt , who claims sexual abuse during montgomery s childhood led to mental illness , asked the jury to spare his client s life ."
an iraqi diplomat said that no progress was made in talks with turkish officials friday in ankara about the iraqi turkey border situation and that the iraqi delegation planned to head back home .
but we told them that the idea of iraqis conducting military actions against the pkk is not an option . abawi said .
but we are ready to cooperate with the turks to cut down their logistics and financial resources .
a representative with turkish foreign ministry also said the talks did not go well .
the official said turkey believes the iraqi delegation talked about the issue with a view to the long term and did not come up with concrete proposals .
the turkish government wants iraq to handle the rebels inside its territory and has been saying it can t wait indefinitely for iraq to do so .
"the united states , which believes an offensive will make the unstable region even more volatile , is doing what it can to stop such an eventuality ."
we also told them we are ready to increase all our outposts and checkpoints on the border and to establish such points where the pkk try to cross the borders .
the international olympic committee said thursday that beijing s air pollution problem means some outdoor events may be postponed for a day or two at next year s olympics .
"with months to go before the summer games , air pollution has emerged as one of beijing s biggest problems in generally smooth preparations ."
"in an overall positive assessment of beijing s preparations , an ioc inspection team said air quality was a leading concern and it was monitoring the situation ."
"hein verbruggen , the inspection team leader , said the impact of pollution on athletes performance was a particular concern ."
ioc president jacques rogge had warned in the past that pollution might force some outdoor endurance events to be delayed .
rogge underscored the ioc s concerns in a speech thursday saying that athletes need clean and healthy conditions in which to train and compete . but he did not read out a warning to beijing contained in the prepared text that said time may be running out .
the ioc inspectors acknowledged some events might be rescheduled for a few days but expressed confidence that special measures would clear the air .
superior court commissioner susan speer dismissed the hit and run charge after a lawyer for the pop star said his client had paid an undisclosed amount to a woman whose car was hit in a studio city parking lot .
a charge of driving without a license was not dismissed and a pretrial hearing was scheduled for november .
"her attorney , anne kiley , said earlier this week that spears had regained temporary visitation rights of her sons , preston , , and jayden james , ."
oil prices hit a record high thursday of more than a barrel after reports indicated that the organization of petroleum exporting countries has no plans to increase production .
"oil had been higher throughout the day , but spiked late afternoon after comments from an opec official ."
"if it persists for a longer period , then we start worrying . but at this time we don t know what s going to happen next month ."
"el badri also said the cartel isn t having any discussions about increasing production , the journal reported . opec , which supplies about percent of the world s million barrel a day oil habit , agreed to boost production by , barrels in september , but the move did little to calm oil prices ."
there had been speculation that the cartel would again boost production at its next meeting in december .
while saudi arabia is generally believed to have the ability to pump about million more barrels a day the world s only significant remaining spare production capacity barakat said they are keeping that in reserve in case of a real supply disruption .
"turkish attacks on kurdish separatists in northern iraq and reports of lebanon firing on israeli warplanes also pushed prices higher , as traders feared conflicts could spread to the broader middle east ."
"a rescuer who tried to help diana after her paris car crash said thursday that the princess spoke as she lay in the wreckage , repeating the words oh my god over and over ."
"dalby , who was a volunteer french firefighter at the time , told the inquest by videolink from paris that the car was surrounded by photographers ."
"the inquest required by british law when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown causes had been delayed for years because of the two exhaustive investigations by french and british police ."
"both concluded that the couple s driver , henri paul , was drunk , driving too fast and that the deaths were an accident . paul also died ."
"fayed s father contends that the couple were the targets of a plot orchestrated by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
"henderson , nevada cnn michael tylo jr . , son of soap opera star hunter tylo , has died in a swimming pool accident ."
"he was pronounced dead just before midnight thursday at a home in the las vegas suburb of henderson , authorities said ."
"the year old actress was in los angeles at the time of the incident , show representative eva demirjian said . demirjian declined further comment ."
"michael tylo jr . was dead when police arrived following a call from an unidentified person , henderson police spokesman todd rasmussen said ."
"hunter tylo s ex husband michael tylo is an assistant professor of film at the university of nevada , las vegas ."
"the actress has three other children , chris , izabella gabrielle and katya ariel ."
"strasbourg , france cnn sudanese lawyer salih mahmoud osman received the european union s top human rights award on thursday for his work in the war torn region of darfur in western sudan , the european parliament said ."
"the sakharov prize , named after the late soviet dissident andrei sakharov , is awarded by the eu assembly annually to a person or group judged to have made a particular contribution in the field of human rights or the promotion of democracy and the rule of law ."
"osman , , is a lawyer with the sudan organization against torture and has provided free legal aid to victims of human rights abuses in his country for more than two decades ."
"he deals with victims in darfur , where more than , people have died and . million have been uprooted in years of conflict ."
despite a high personal risk he still manages to provide help to the victims of the conflict .
"slain russian journalist anna politkovskaya and chinese human rights defenders zeng jinyan and hu jia , had also been nominated for the prize ."
belarusian opposition leader alexander milinkevich received the prize last year . other past winners include former south african president nelson mandela and u . n . secretary general kofi annan .
"london , england cnn ac milan shrugged off an indifferent season so far to thrash champions league group d leaders shakhtar donetsk at the san siro on wednesday night ."
"alberto gilardino and clarence seedorf scored twice each for the home side , who bounced back from the defeat away to celtic and sunday s reverse against empoli in italy s serie a ."
milan joined shakhtar on six points from three outings after inflicting the ukrainian side s first defeat .
"meanwhile , benfica joined celtic on three points in group d after snatching a late victory against the scottish champions in lisbon ."
oscar cardozo scored the winner in the th minute after chesting down a pass from angel di maria and firing past keeper artur boruc from eight yards .
but cardozo finally broke the deadlock to hand celtic an unhappy return to the city where the club won the european cup in .
"lahore , pakistan cnn a suicide attacker targeted a police truck thursday , killing people most of them police in the taliban dominated area of north west frontier province , police sources said ."
"the attack happened in mangora , located in the swat district where pakistan recently deployed , troops to maintain law and order ."
police officer amjad khan told the associated press the blast hit a platoon of frontier constabulary troops in a truck near the police district headquarters .
the region has increasingly become a stronghold of local taliban militants .
"fears over pakistan s stability were raised last week when a suicide bombing in karachi , targetting a convoy carrying former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ."
bhutto thursday told cnn that she intends to visit her constituency of larkana on saturday amid security fears after last week s bombing .
last thursday s attack happened hours after her arrival in the southern port city of karachi .
"bhutto told cnn international that the decision to return to larkana , her ancestral village , was a very big dilemma ."
bhutto returned to pakistan last week after eight years in self imposed exile .
"she intends to seek a third term as prime minister , possibly under a powersharing deal with pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf ."
former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto told cnn she suspects members of president gen . pervez musharraf s regime may have been indirectly involved in last week s suicide bombing that targeted her convoy .
"i know general musharraf trusts them , i respect his trust in them , but i also have my own suspicions , she said ."
"all i m asking is that , please , let an independent inquiry investigate this matter so that it can be laid to rest ."
she said she became a target of militants in pakistan nearly years ago .
it started way back in i know who the people were who brought osama bin laden back to pakistan after the end of the soviet occupation of afghanistan .
i have not gone public with the names because i do not want to have an adversarial position with general musharraf .
bhutto stressed that musharraf s regime must go beyond identifying the single suicide attacker and rout out the financiers and sponsors of the october attack and other militant attacks on pakistani forces and civilians .
the suicide bombing that targeted bhutto s convoy in karachi last thursday killed people hours after her arrival in the southern port city of karachi .
"myanmar s pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi under house arrest for of the last years met with the country s newly appointed liaison officer thursday , myanmar s state run television reported ."
it was the first time in three years that suu kyi had been allowed to leave the house in yangon .
"amid international pressure following september s bloody crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations , myanmar s ruling junta named deputy minister of labor aung kyi as its liaison officer with the detained nobel laureate ."
"aung kyi , viewed as a moderate , is the first officially designated liaison appointed by the junta to meet with the opposition leader ."
"gambari is expected to arrive in myanmar the first week of november after the leadership of myanmar , also called burma , agreed to move up the date of his arrival , according to a u . n . press release ."
"he is currently in beijing as part of a tour of regional capitals to garner support for his visit , the united nations said ."
"last month , gambari met with myanmar s military junta leadership , as well as suu kyi , who has been detained off and on since after her national league for democracy won the country s first free multiparty elections but the military junta refused to hand over power ."
"suu kyi has been under house arrest from to , from to , and from may to now ."
"the united states imposed stiff sanctions against iran on thursday , targeting two iranian military groups and a number of iranian banks and people it accuses of backing nuclear proliferation and terror related activities ."
"what this means is that no u . s . citizen or private organization will be allowed to engage in financial transactions with these persons and entities , secretary of state condoleezza rice said . in addition , any assets that these designees have under u . s . jurisdiction will be immediately frozen ."
rice and treasury secretary henry paulson made the announcement in a brief appearance before reporters on thursday morning .
"supporting shia militants in iraq and terrorists in iraq , afghanistan , lebanon and the palestinian territories"
"and denying the existence of a fellow member of the united nations , threatening to wipe israel off the map ."
"the islamic revolutionary guard corps , or the irgc , and the quds force , an arm of the irgc , she said ."
she said the sanctions were being imposed because of the revolutionary guard s support for proliferation and the quds force support for terrorism .
"the united states also designated three iranian state owned banks for sanctions , two of them for their involvement in proliferation activities and the other as a terrorist financier , rice said ."
"iran funnels hundreds of millions of dollars each year through the international financial system to terrorists , paulson said ."
"the revolutionary guard corps , he said , is so deeply entrenched in iran s economy and commercial enterprises , it is increasingly likely that , if you are doing business with iran , you are doing business with the corps ."
the move marks the first time the united states has attempted to punish another country s military through sanctions .
skipper steven gerrard admitted liverpool have a mountain to climb after their champions league defeat away to turkey s besiktas on wednesday night left them facing group elimination .
"this time , in the small but intimidating inonu stadium , besiktas produced their greatest european victory to leave liverpool bottom of group a ."
and from then on the anfield men toiled and labored in an increasingly desperate attempt to avoid a humiliating defeat .
deivson bobo made it two with nine minutes left before gerrard s header gave liverpool hope but a ferocious final effort failed to save the visitors .
we are pleased with how we played but disappointed with the result .
we are capable of winning our final three games .
"football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc the sport s oldest club ."
"guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month ."
other guests attending a dinner in the club s honor included real madrid president ramon calderon and england and manchester united legend bobby charlton .
pele widely recognized as the greatest footballer ever to play the game is also due in town next month to attend sheffield fc s clash with inter .
many more football clubs soon sprung up and by there were said to be in and around the sheffield area .
the football association which codified the basic rules of the modern game was established in london the following year .
"the club currently competes in the unibond league s first division south , seven divisions beneath the english premier league ."
clapton is good .
the second o is critical .
"back in the s , when london graffiti proclaimed clapton is god , the brilliant british guitarist was descending into a personal hell ."
"eric clapton traded a heroin addiction for alcoholism , suffered disastrous love affairs , contemplated suicide while armed with a bottle of vodka , a gram of blow and a shotgun ."
"at , clapton has years of sobriety , a happy marriage and three young daughters ."
the autobiography .
"initially , clapton planned to sit down for a series of interviews about his life , leaving a collaborator to handle the tweaking and organization ."
"so i rewrote that , and then i thought , i ll have to write this myself ."
"these days , his time is otherwise occupied ."
"besides family life , clapton remains involved with the crossroads treatment center that he founded nearly a decade ago in antigua a huge benefit concert was held this past summer ."
"i can t stop touring , and i won t , he says emphatically . i believe i have a responsibility to play for people ."
"barboursville , virginia cnn winemaker luca paschina arrived from italy years ago on a mission to bring his craft to virginia , tailor grape growing to the local climate and soil , and succeed where thomas jefferson failed a couple hundred years before ."
"as a result , virginia also is attracting more tourists to partake in wine tastings , local cuisine and stays at nearby inns ."
"the state has always lured visitors with history and natural beauty , but now it s working to grow this tourism niche by offering virginia wine trails ."
"the trails suggest itineraries for several regions across the state wineries , restaurants , nearby historic sites and special events ."
"barboursville , the sole american venture of italy s zonin winemaking family , is a destination on the monticello wine trail , named after jefferson s famous estate , where the third president planted european grapes in a doomed effort to produce wine ."
"it features the three suite inn , which sits next to the four columned ruins of the jefferson designed plantation manor of former virginia governor james barbour and overlooks wooded , rolling hills ."
"after sampling its wines , visitors can dine at palladio , barboursville s northern italian restaurant where chef melissa close uses local produce and regional ingredients , such as crab and rockfish from the chesapeake bay ."
"flying from singapore to sydney , australia , on thursday , the enormous a is carrying passengers who bid up to , for a seat on the historical trip ."
the superjumbo took off on schedule at . a . m . gmt on a hour flight that launches a new era in air travel .
"the associated press reported the flight was carrying passengers and a crew of about , including four pilots ."
"airports have had to redesign terminals to accommodate the world s largest passenger jet , which has a wingspan of nearly meters ."
"the , kilometer , mile singapore airlines scheduled flight will mark the end of a much longer journey for the aircraft , the delivery of which was delayed by nearly two years , with costs running billion of dollars over budget ."
"critics also see the jet as an environmental concern at a time when the aviation industry is under pressure as one of the biggest producers of carbon dioxide , seen as a key factor in global warning ."
"airbus insists the a , capable of carrying up to people in all economy mode , is more fuel efficient and is banking on the jet to open up a"
new front in the battle for the commercial skies .
"while airbus is likely to be buoyed by delays to boeing s rival creation a jet promising faster , more environmentally friendly flights orders for the dreamliner aircraft are now in excess of from customers ."
"in addition to singapore airlines , airbus will also supply customers including british airways , virgin , emirates and lufthansa with orders totaling aircraft ."
singapore airlines will begin fully scheduled a flights to sydney on sunday .
a superjumbo service on the singapore london route is expected to start in february .
"moscow , russia cnn a russian man who said he wanted to record a killing for each of the squares on a chessboard was found guilty wednesday of murdering people in moscow ."
"a jury took less than three hours to convict alexander pichushkin of the murders , most of which occurred over five years in a sprawling southern park ."
he was also found guilty of three attempted murders .
"judge vladimir usov read the verdict for one hour , while year old pichushkin , standing inside a reinforced glass cage , leaned against the wall and stared at the floor ."
the courthouse was packed with journalists and relatives of victims who had closely followed the five week trial .
"prosecutors recommended the judge sentence pichushkin to life imprisonment , with the first years to be spent in isolation given the convicted man s violent nature . the judge has not yet set a date for sentencing ."
russia has imposed a moratorium on the death sentence but has not abolished it .
"most of pichushkin s victims were killed in bittsa park , and the serial killer became known as the bittsa maniac ."
pichushkin boasted of killing people one short of filling up the chessboard but prosecutors were able to find evidence only for murders .
"at the cramped apartment where he shared a bedroom with his mother , police found his chessboard with numbers on its squares all the way up to ."
"he boasted he had nearly reached the last square , no . , by the time police captured him ."
"they say he killed people in , including six in one month ."
"beginning in , he began to kill with particular cruelty , hitting his intoxicated victims multiple times in the head with a hammer , then sticking an unfinished bottle of vodka into their shattered skulls , prosecutors said ."
pichushkin was arrested in june after a woman left a note at home saying that she was going for a walk with him and was then found dead .
"it is ludicrous , gerry mccann , accompanied by his wife , kate , told spain s antena television station in their first tv interview since being named suspects in the case in september ."
"it is outrageous , he added , according to an excerpt from the interview that were posted on antena s web site ."
the full interview was to be broadcast later wednesday .
"some media reports have indicated portuguese police suspect madeleine s parents may have accidentally given her an overdose of sedatives , then disposed of her body ."
gerry and kate mccann have repeatedly dismissed the suggestion .
portuguese police have declined to comment because portugal s secrecy laws forbid detectives from speaking about ongoing investigations .
"madeleine mccann vanished may , a few days before her fourth birthday , from her family s hotel room during a vacation in portugal s algarve region ."
"after initially focusing on the possibility that she was abducted from her hotel room , police switched their focus to her parents when forensic tests conducted at a government laboratory in britain found evidence that dna from madeleine was in the trunk of a rental car the parents used after her disappearance ."
police named the parents as formal suspects .
they have returned to their home in britain .
"merrill lynch co . inc . took a . billion writedown in the third quarter due to bad mortgage bets , well exceeding its initial estimates and raising questions about the bank s future leadership ."
the blow is likely to renew credit fears and turn up the heat on merrill lynch chief executive stanley o neal .
"in the year ago period , merrill lynch reported a net profit of billion , or . a share , on the same basis ."
"net revenue dwindled to million , down percent from . billion in the same period last year ."
shares of merrill lynch fell nearly percent in pre market trading .
merrill lynch said it decided to re examine its cdo positions with more conservative assumptions due to difficult credit markets .
"we expect market conditions for sub prime mortgage related assets to continue to be uncertain and we are working to resolve the remaining impact from our positions , o neal said in a statement ."
"bulger , alleged former leader of the winter hill gang in boston , has been on the run since january after he was indicted on counts of murder ."
"earlier this year , a man meeting his description was spotted in sicily , italy ."
"the fbi web site , which lists bulger just beneath osama bin laden , says the irish american gangster also is wanted on extortion and drug and money laundering charges linked to organized crime in the boston , massachusetts , area ."
"the web site also carries a video of a man suspected to be bulger , who goes by the nickname whitey , walking around with a younger woman ."
"china launched its first lunar probe wednesday , the first step in an ambitious year plan to send a rover to the moon and return it to earth ."
state television showed pictures of the chang e orbiter taking off with a trail of smoke from the xichang satellite launch center in sichuan province in southwestern china .
the long march a rocket carrying the probe blasted off shortly after p . m . gmt after officials from the china national space administration said weather conditions were good for a lift off . watch the rocket launch raquo
"several thousand people living within . kilometers . miles of the launch center and under the rocket s trajectory were evacuated two hours before the launch , the official xinhua news agency said ."
"more than , tourists were also on hand to watch the rocket soar into space after paying yuan ."
"the chang e , named after a mythical chinese goddess who flew to the moon , will orbit earth while technical adjustments are made , and will enter the moon s orbit by nov . , administration spokesman li guoping said when the launch plans were announced monday ."
the project s goal is to analyze the chemical and mineral composition of the lunar surface .
"the probe will use stereo cameras and x ray spectrometers to map three dimensional images of the surface , and to study the moon s dust ."
"the , kilogram , pound chang e is expected to transmit its first photo back to china in late november , and to conduct explorations of the moon for a year ."
"ilulissat , greenland cnn from the air , greenland s ice sheet , the second largest on earth , appears to be perfectly still ."
"but below the surface , the ice sheet is in constant motion , as ice built up in the interior pushes toward the coast in the form of massive glaciers ."
"during warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean ."
it s an age old process that scientists say has speeded up in recent decades because of global warming .
"the fear is that melting ice from greenland and other arctic areas could cause sea levels to rise enough to flood low lying cities , such as shanghai , china , and new york city , displacing millions of people in the process ."
"a recent report from the u . n . s intergovernmental panel on climate change , made up of scientists from around the world , estimates the sea level rise by could be as much as feet ."
"that sea level rise is only based on melt from ice sheets , and does not include a new fast flow of ice we have detected in greenland that is generating additional icebergs , said dr . konrad steffen , a climate scientist with the university of colorado ."
"steffen estimates sea levels could rise three feet over the next century , a stark prediction that could wreak havoc around the world if it comes to pass ."
but global sea levels have been rising at the rate of three millimeters per year since .
"for each of the past years , steffen has spent one month at a remote research site called swiss camp , located miles north of the arctic circle in greenland ."
"he monitors the changing ice sheet through a network of global positioning systems and weather stations , which have recorded a dramatic rise in temperatures since the mid s ."
"when you look at our satellite analysis , we can see the melt area of greenland over years has increased by percent , steffen said ."
"london , england cnn campaigners held a day of protests around the world wednesday to highlight the plight of nobel peace prize winner and opposition leader aung san suu kyi and mark another year of her house arrest in myanmar ."
the protests were taking place outside chinese embassies in london and other cities one city for each year of suu kyi s detention .
the pro democracy leader has been held for of the past years .
"about people turned out for the london protest , some wearing white robes and masks of suu kyi s face ."
others had their hands bound with rope and others held chains they say are used to torture political prisoners in myanmar .
"the protesters , who were joined by a group of monks in crimson robes , held posters reading free aung san suu kyi now and china s gain , burma s pain ."
"the message is that china needs to do more on burma , said mark farmaner , acting director of burma campaign uk , referring to myanmar s former official name ."
he said china needs to use its influence with myanmar s leaders to continue pushing for suu kyi s release .
myanmar s ruling junta has been strongly criticized for last month s violent crackdown on pro democracy demonstrators .
"the government has admitted detaining more than , people from the protests and several hundred are believed to be still in custody ."
"the day of protest also coincides with the united nations nd birthday , and organizers said they were using that to urge action from the u . n . security council ."
"the u . n . must do more than issue statements of concern , said kate allen , director of amnesty international uk ."
"in a statement earlier this month , the council said it strongly deplores the use of violence against peaceful demonstrations in myanmar and it called on the junta to work towards a dialogue with suu kyi ."
"san diego , california cnn there were growing signs of optimism wednesday in the battle against the southern california wildfires the largest natural disaster in the united states since hurricane katrina ."
"winds that blew as hard as mph on sunday dropped to mph on monday , mph on tuesday and continued to ease wednesday ."
"meanwhile , dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost , firefighters in the area ."
the rate of burning had slowed significantly by wednesday as officials continued what they called an unprecedented effort to battle the flames .
"still , the fire damage increased to , acres , said gov . arnold schwarzenegger ."
"the orange county fire authority said it is investigating the santiago fire that has burned more than , acres as a suspected arson ."
the blaze was about percent contained after destroying structures .
"as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego ."
the city of poway except for the high valley area also began allowing residents to return to their homes .
about homes were lost in the mountainous region in san bernardino county east of los angeles .
"the fires have already destroyed , structures including , homes and they still threaten , more , schwarzenegger said wednesday ."
the human toll is also devastating .
"the blazes have killed three people and left hurt , schwarzenegger said ."
"the governor will fly over the area thursday with president bush , who signed a major disaster declaration wednesday ."
turkish warplanes and helicopter gunships have been bombing kurdish separatist positions in turkey along the iraqi turkish frontier amid continuing diplomatic efforts to avert a major cross border incursion by turkish military forces .
"cnn turk , citing turkish government and military sources , reported the activity and said it had been taking place since sunday ."
"the dogan news agency also told cnn that aerial strikes had been going on for days , with several f warplanes loaded with bombs taking off from an air base in the southeastern city of diyarbakir ."
anadolu news agency reported that aircraft backed counter terrorism operations were under way in southeastern turkey .
public pressure is mounting in turkey for the government to authorise a major strike against kurdistan workers party pkk fighters accused of mounting attacks against turkish forces and civilians from bases across the border in iraq s semi autonomous kurdish region .
thousands of mourners took to the streets tuesday for the funerals of soldiers killed in an ambush sunday .
the film showed eight men standing against a pkk flag with mountains in the background .
the web site of pkk s military wing quoted a commander who blamed erdogan himself for the deaths of the soldiers and the pows that we now have .
turkey s military has confirmed that eight soldiers are missing but not reports that they were taken hostage .
"newcastle , england newcastle plunged tottenham manager martin jol into even deeper trouble as they won to secure a fourth successive premier league home victory ."
newcastle began brightly and nearly took the lead in the th minute when defender abdoulaye faye thumped a header against the post from charles n zogbia s corner .
they eventually took the lead on the stroke of half time when obafemi martins outsprinted michael dawson to a long ball to fire home his fifth goal of the season .
the home side added a second six minutes after the break when defender claudio cacapa was left unmarked to powerfully head home emre s well taken corner .
"however , substitute james milner made sure of the points when taking advantage of a younes kaboul mistake to volley home a rd minute winner ."
teenager theo walcott scored his first goals in europe to help arsenal thrash slavia prague in group h to equal the highest ever champions league victory by any team .
the mood was set as early as the fifth minute when good work from alexander hleb on the left set up cesc fabregas and the spanish midfielder curled a superb strike into the top corner of goalkeeper martin vaniak s net .
"hleb made it after minutes , turning the slavia defense inside out down the left and drilling a low strike past vaniak ."
hundreds of thousands of displaced san diego county residents are navigating around road closures to find refuge in shelters and hotel rooms a safe distance from the wildfires encroaching on their neighborhoods .
"at least , evacuees are staying at qualcomm stadium , home to the nfl s san diego chargers and the city s primary evacuation center ."
the red cross has people on the ground operating in five of the area s nearly two dozen shelters and is sending more help .
many evacuees are staying in area hotels at discounted rates .
"the marriott hotel in downtown san diego s historic gaslamp quarter has offered fire evacuees a rate per night , about percent lower than their regular rates ."
"the hotel is nearly full , a desk agent said ."
about percent of the guests at marriott s fully booked marina property are fire evacuees paying more than under the standard .
"two san diego travel companies , san diego concierge and advanced reservation systems , are coordinating with hotels with excess inventory to offer those rooms to evacuees at reduced rates , according to the san diego convention and visitors bureau ."
"hotel rooms are scarce , however ."
"the county has , rooms and more than half of those were already booked with leisure and business travelers prior to the evacuation orders ."
"at the paradise point resort and spa on mission bay , rooms opened up monday night by cancellations due to the fires were quickly rebooked by evacuated families , said larry kaufman , the hotel s director of sales and marketing ."
kaufman stayed in the hotel last night after evacuating from his home about miles away .
"downtown the air is clear , he said , but it was like a sea of black and ash everywhere when he returned to check on his home this morning ."
"fortunately , it appears to be safe from the fires ."
operations at the san diego international airport are normal and airlines are maintaining their flight schedules .
the airport encourages travelers to check with their airlines for information on possible delays or cancellations .
"six asiatic wild elephants were electrocuted as they went berserk after drinking rice beer in india s remote northeast , a wildlife official said tuesday ."
nearly elephants came to a village on friday looking for food .
"some found beer , which farmers ferment and keep in plastic and tin drums in their huts , said sunil kumar , a state wildlife official ."
"there would have been more casualties had the villagers not chased them away , said dipu mark , a local conservationist ."
the elephants are known to have a taste for rice beer brewed by tribal communities in india s northeast .
four wild elephants died in similar circumstances in the region three years ago .
"it s great to have such a huge number of elephants , but the increasing man elephant conflict following the shrinkage in their habitat due to the growing human population is giving us nightmares , said pradyut bordoloi , former assam forest and environment minister ."
cnn the entertainment industry was not immune to the impact of the fires blazing across southern california .
"at the santa clarita studios in valencia , california about miles north of los angeles some staffers weren t able to get to work monday , due to traffic on area roadways and concern about their homes , according to variety ."
"two cbs shows , ncis and the unit , have sets at santa clarita , but neither shut down shooting monday , according to the industry trade paper ."
"the stevenson ranch fire was near enough that ncis staffers could see the smoke , according to the hollywood reporter , another trade paper ."
"the unit set was functioning normally tuesday , said cbs spokesperson susan marks ."
we ve had no interruption to production .
"fox s wasn t quite as lucky on monday , the hollywood reporter reported ."
"the show was shooting at a marine corps air station in irvine , about miles southeast of los angeles , and had to cancel filming at a . m . at one of the base s hangars due to smoke from the santiago fire ."
"if production units and studios were scrambling , other businesses benefited from the disruption caused by the fires ."
"a number of upscale los angeles area lodgings , including the peninsula and four seasons hotels in beverly hills , reported a flurry of bookings , according to variety ."
"with a number of group bookings scheduled for later in the week , the walk in guests may have to find other arrangements ."
"tori spelling and dean mcdermott s newly renovated bed and breakfast , chateau la rue , in fallbrook , california , about miles southeast of los angeles , was also affected ."
"malibu , one of the areas most directly affected by the fires , is the home of a number of celebrities , including tom hanks and rita wilson , mel gibson , jennifer aniston , victoria principal and sting ."
"gibson and principal , who live in in different areas of malibu , were both evacuated early monday morning ."
"the house , a malibu landmark , was built in ."
the fire has shut down a stretch of the pacific coast highway that runs through the area .
"london , england cnn oh , the humanity . when these three words were uttered by aghast radio journalist herbert morrison as the lz hindenburg airship crashed and burst into flames in new jersey in it was seen as the end of airships ."
"the other remaining zeppelin class dirigible , the graf zeppelin ii , was destroyed by the nazi administration who felt the materials could be put to better use with more conventional aircraft ."
"but , years on , could the hindenburg style airship be experiencing a renaissance ?"
there are two types of craft that are commonly called airships .
"the first is basically a balloon filled with a lighter than air gas , with an attached pod for the pilot and passengers , and tilting propellers to aid with descent and maneuvering ."
"these are known as blimps and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance ."
but their limited payload make them unsuitable for other purposes .
the other type of airship is the dirigible .
"like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter than air gas but it has an internal skeleton ."
in recent years the concept of the dirigible airship has been reevaluated because of the environmental need to find lower carbon methods of freight transportation .
one failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the german company cargolifter ag in the mid s .
"it planned a large airship , the cl , to be used as a transporter for large and heavy loads ."
"a giant hangar , one of the world s largest structures , was built in wiesbaden , germany for storage and manufacture of these giant craft ."
but cargolifter became insolvent in .
the hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park .
"in the aeros corporation of montebello , ca . resurrected the airship concept ."
responding to the defense advanced research projects agency darpa s walrus program the company was given a . million grant to develop
a very large airlift vehicle concept designed to control lift in all stages of air or ground operations including the ability to off load payload without taking on board ballast other than surrounding air .
"aeros plans to begin testing a non rigid airship , the aeros d , in to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system ."
"production of a prototype aeroscraft ml has begun , with a test flight planned for ."
"caracas , venezuela cnn thousands of university students scuffled with police and government supporters during a protest tuesday against constitutional reforms that would let president hugo chavez run for re election indefinitely ."
police tossed tear gas canisters into the crowd of opposition students after bottle throwing clashes broke out with a smaller group of pro chavez demonstrators near the national assembly .
"journalists estimated there were about , protesters , but pro chavez lawmakers said there were far fewer ."
the students said they fear civil liberties would be severely weakened under the constitutional changes .
"with this reform , the president is going to control everything ."
"his power will be almost unlimited , said adolfo rengifo , , who marched alongside other protesters blowing whistles and shouting reform , no ! democracy , yes !"
"the national assembly , dominated by chavez supporters , is poised to approve constitutional amendments that would give the government control over the central bank , create new types of cooperative property and extend presidential terms from six to seven years while allowing chavez to run again in ."
"to take effect , the reforms must be approved by voters in a december referendum ."
"it s clear proof of political discrimination , student leader stalin gonzalez said ."
"public ombudsman german mundarain a close ally of chavez s urged lawmakers monday to reconsider an amendment that would let the government waive some civil liberties during a state of emergency , allowing authorities to detain citizens without charge ."
"chavez , who was re elected last year on promises of revolutionary change , said the reforms are fully democratic ."
"cnn liangqiao , a small collection of huts and farms in southern china , is known as a cancer village ."
"it is where hu xiaoping , a husband and father and a farmer , died an agonizing death at age one year after being diagnosed with colon cancer ."
"his widow , zhu chun yun , blames his death on the brown and rust colored water from the river , which farmers use to irrigate their crops ."
he said don t eat the rice and don t drink the water .
"residents of liangqiao say their river is polluted because of the iron ore mine about miles away , which is run by a nationally owned company ."
"mining for iron ore exposes naturally occurring heavy metals like arsenic and cadmium , which are both carcinogens ."
"without proper water treatment facilities , water contaminated with high levels of these metals is hazardous and can possibly cause cancer ."
"jingjing zhang , an environmental lawyer who is working the villagers who want to sue the government , said the dabaoshan mine has been polluting the hengshui river for decades ."
twenty eight people in this village of have died over the last years from cancer a rate much higher than the rest of country .
"the overall mortality rate for was deaths per , residents ."
pollution is a serious problem throughout china .
the chinese ministry of health reported that increased pollution has made cancer the leading cause of death in the country .
small villages like liangqiao have little recourse against big companies that might be polluting their air or water .
"cnn talked to the mine s director who acknowledged environmental issues with the mine , but said it wasn t a problem that could be solved overnight ."
"he said some of the smaller , privately owned mines should share blame for the problems ."
the mine has given the villagers some compensation .
"about , yuan for the whole village , zhang told cnn ."
"zhang continues to build her case against the mine , trying to win compensation for medical testing , health care and damage to the village s rice crops ."
china is trying to address its pollution problem .
"the government hopes to have a dramatically cleaner country by august , when it will be host to the olympics ."
"baghdad cnn violence in several iraqi locations on tuesday left more than a dozen people dead , according to authorities ."
"the u . s . military said people , thought to be a mix of insurgents and civilians , were killed near samarra when a u . s . helicopter crew fired on people who were setting up a roadside bomb ."
"it said an apache helicopter crew observed some military aged males planting a roadside bombing in the samarra area and engaged the emplacers , who fled into a house ."
"the helicopter fired on the structure , killing five military aged men and six civilians ."
five civilians were wounded .
"one of those killed was a suspected roadside bomb cell member , it said ."
"the military said the incident took place northwest of a town called mukashlah , between samarra and tikrit ."
"police in samarra earlier said people were killed and were wounded in the airstrike near the salaheddin province city , a volatile region during the iraqi war ."
police said there were reports of women and children among the casualties .
"elsewhere in northern iraq , a roadside bomb exploded near a minibus northeast of the diyala province city of baquba tuesday morning , killing three iraqis and wounding eight , police said ."
one woman was among the dead and three were among the wounded .
"according to authorities , the dead and wounded were members of a family traveling to baquba for a wedding ."
baquba is north of baghdad and is the diyala provincial seat .
iraq s interior ministry said police clashed with gunmen in central baghdad s mansour district .
"a policeman and a gunman were killed , and three police and two gunmen were wounded ."
"coalition forces killed a suspected insurgent and detained people during operations monday and tuesday to disrupt terrorist networks in central and northern parts of iraq , the u . s . military said ."
"troops in baghdad on tuesday detained two wanted people and another suspect in an effort to disrupt the car bombing network in baghdad , the military said ."
"u . s . attack helicopter crews in northern baghdad on monday targeted insurgents emplacing a roadside bomb , killing one extremist and wounding five , the military said ."
an iraqi was killed and people were wounded in two roadside bombings on monday in eastern baghdad
"space shuttle discovery and a crew of seven rocketed into orbit tuesday in pursuit of the international space station , where a formidable construction job awaits them . discovery blasted off at a . m . , ducking through clouds ."
"despite a forecast calling for rain right at launch time , the weather ended up cooperating ."
launch director mike leinbach wished the crew good luck and godspeed just before liftoff .
discovery and its crew are embarking on a two week mission that is considered the most challenging and complex in the nine years of orbital assembly of the international space station .
"the shuttle is carrying up an italian built live in compartment , about the size of a small bus , that the astronauts will attach to the space station ."
the name harmony was the choice of schoolchildren who took part in a national competition .
about of those youngsters traveled to cape canaveral to witness the launch .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said tuesday that iran s controversial nuclear program is a major issue for the entire world and called for stronger sanctions against tehran .
"up to the point where iran stops its nuclear program , he said ."
the united states and some allies accuse iran of secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons .
"tehran , however , insists its program is for peaceful purposes , including generating electricity ."
"iran s chief nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , resigned recently and was replaced by saeed jalili , the deputy foreign minister and a close ally of president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
"jalili was set to meet with javier solano , the european union foreign policy chief , on tuesday in rome for talks ."
olmert said solano should make it clear to iran s negotiator the seriousness with which the rest of the world views the situation .
"the united states might delay activating its proposed missile defense sites in europe until it has definitive proof of a missile threat from iran , defense secretary robert gates said tuesday ."
"the proposal has already been presented to the russians , who strongly oppose it ."
"we would consider tying together activation of the sites in poland and the czech republic with definitive proof of the threat in other words , iranian missile testing and so on , gates said with topolanek at his side ."
"the united states wants to build a missile interceptor base in poland and a radar site in the czech republic , but details have yet to be negotiated ."
u . s . officials have said that the proposal tying activation of the european sites to proof of an iranian threat was presented to the russians by gates and secretary of state condoleezza rice earlier this month .
but gates remarks in prague were the most specific and clear that such a proposition raises the prospect of delay .
much of the disagreement between washington and moscow over missile defense in europe has centered on the question of when iran s missile program would reach the stage where it could threaten all of europe and the united states .
"cnn the head of the u . n . world food programme s mogasdishu office was released tuesday after nearly a week in detention , a wfp spokeswoman in rome confirmed to cnn ."
"idris osman was handed over to the care of wfp staff in the somali capital early tuesday , brenda barton said ."
somali government troops arrested osman last wednesday during a raid on the u . n . compound in mogadishu that involved up to armed security personnel .
"no explanation has been given for osman s release or the reason for his arrest , which u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned as a violation of international law ."
he osman is safe and well and with our staff in somalia .
wfp head josette sheeran welcomed news of the release .
"we welcome the release of idris osman , and are pleased that he will be reunited with his family , sheeran said in a statement released by the wfp s rome based headquarters ."
the wfp halted its food distribution program in mogadishu following the october incident to safeguard the safety of its other staff .
the program had only restarted two days before osman s arrest .
it was suspended in june following the fatal shooting of a wfp aid worker in the somali capital .
"barton said the wfp was reviewing whether to lift the suspension of the program , which provides food relief to some , people in the war ravaged city ."
"somalia has relied heavily on international aid since , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war ."
"san diego , california cnn more than a half million people had been ordered from san diego county homes tuesday as wildfires rage from the mexican border to north of los angeles ."
"about , homes have been destroyed in san diego county alone ."
"a second civilian has died in the wildfires , the u . s . forest service said tuesday afternoon . it provided no details ."
fears grew north of los angeles that the winds may fan three wildfires into one monster blaze .
"those fires threaten more than , homes ."
"in san diego county , at least , residents had been ordered to find refuge in shelters , schools and stadiums as fires pushed into new areas tuesday ."
twelve thousand more were advised but not ordered to evacuate .
the u . s . navy ordered sailors out of barracks in the area and onto ships to make room for evacuees .
a spokesman for the county s emergency effort told sacramento tv station kcra that the evacuations amount to a mass migration .
new evacuation orders are being added frequently to the san diego office of emergency services web site .
san diego city councilman brian maienschein is walking neighborhoods and helping compile a list of homes that have been destroyed or badly damaged .
he said officials will post the list on the city s web site soon .
"people are worried , he said . they just want to know , even if their homes are destroyed ."
and officials said the crisis is far from over .
"it will not end . . . until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around , san diego fire battalion chief bruce cartelli said tuesday ."
"it is just amazing how this fire selects whatever it wants and burns whatever it wants , he told cnn ."
"despite toiling in hour shifts , jackson said he and his fellow firefighters were holding up pretty good ."
"what weighed heaviest on them was not so much the physical exertion , he said , but knowing they had failed to protect all of the structures ."
"for some , the failure was more than a professional concern . some of the firefighters their own homes have burned up , he said ."
"national guard troops were posted at qualcomm stadium , home to the nfl s san diego chargers , as it became a temporary home to , to , fire evacuees , according to the mayor s office in san diego ."
turkish foreign minister ali babacan rejected reports of an apparent cease fire offer from kurdish separatists tuesday during a visit to baghdad for talks with iraqi leaders aimed at defusing tensions along the countries shared border .
"babacan was responding to iraqi claims that the kurdistan workers party pkk , which turkey accuses of launching attacks on its territory from bases in iraq , was ready to declare a unilateral truce ."
he also said turkey expected its neighbors to show solidarity and support for turkish endeavors for fighting against terrorism .
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari said the two countries had agreed a common position on fighting terrorism and said iraq would actively help turkey overcome this menace .
"turkey has threatened to extend its military campaign against the pkk into northern iraq , claiming its fighters are hiding in the rugged mountain region . it says the u . s . and iraq are not doing enough to stop cross border attacks ."
"with , turkish troops massing close to the country s south eastern frontier , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s government faces growing public pressure to take action following a weekend pkk ambush which left at least turkish soldiers dead and eight more missing ."
milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month s champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two match ban .
"following monday s appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , said a stement on uefa s web site ."
uefa said that their appeals body took note that dida expressed his sincere regrets as regards his conduct during the match .
ac milan vice president adriano galliani was satisfied with uefa s decision . i believe it is fair i was against the two game suspension but one seems ok .
"dida has made a mistake but his error did not hinder anyone , not celtic , nor any player , said galliani ."
"before her latest film , if anyone had asked reese witherspoon what the term extraordinary rendition meant , she might have answered with a blank stare ."
the words could be bureaucratese for something as innocuous as a tax deduction .
"i don t think i realized what the term was called , witherspoon told the associated press at september s toronto international film festival , where rendition played in advance of its theatrical release friday ."
it doesn t sound like anything that you would connect with the torture and detainment of innocent people .
"rendition marks the first release for witherspoon , , since s walk the line , the johnny cash film biography in which she played the country music legend s wife , june carter cash ."
"though witherspoon won the best actress academy award for walk the line , the dramatic turn she takes in rendition may surprise fans of the performer best known for breezy comedies such as the legally blonde flicks and sweet home alabama ."
"in rendition , witherspoon plays the wife of an egyptian born man omar metwally suspected of involvement in a middle east terrorist bombing who is abducted by u . s . authorities and sent overseas for questioning at a secret facility ."
jake gyllenhaal co stars as a cia analyst who comes to question his government s sanctioning of such abusive interrogations .
"when space shuttle discovery blasts off tuesday , a woman will be sitting in the commander s seat ."
"and up at the international space station , a female skipper will be waiting to greet her ."
it will be the first time in the year history of spaceflight that two women are in charge of two spacecraft at the same time .
"it s coincidence , which pleases shuttle commander pamela melroy and station commander peggy whitson ."
"to me , that s one of the best parts about it , said melroy , a retired air force colonel who will be only the second woman to command a space shuttle flight ."
this is not something that was planned or orchestrated in any way .
"this is a really special event for us , melroy said ."
"there are enough women in the program that coincidentally this can happen , and that is a wonderful thing . it says a lot about the first years of spaceflight that this is where we re at ."
whitson the first woman to be in charge of a space station arrived at the orbital outpost on a russian soyuz spacecraft on october .
"she flew there with two men , one a russian cosmonaut who will spend the entire six months with her ."
"china blocked the establishment of an investigation by the world trade organization into its restrictions on the sale of american movies , music and books that the united states requested monday ."
"under wto rules , china has the right to block the investigation once ."
"but it cannot delay the panel s establishment a second time , meaning the investigation will most likely be authorized next month ."
"the case is seen as concerning american filmmakers , online music providers and other u . s . media suppliers who claim to be suffering from what the u . s . calls less favorable distribution opportunities in china ."
the wto is already investigating three trade disputes between china and the united states .
"china has filed its own complaint over the antidumping duties the united states applies on chinese paper imports , the first case initiated by beijing against washington in five years ."
a senior government official on monday rejected a call from pakistan opposition leader benazir bhutto for u . s . and british experts to help investigate the suicide attack on her homecoming procession from overseas exile .
"bhutto said sunday she wanted the foreign experts to assist in the inquiry into the thursday night bombing in karachi , which killed people , wounded hundreds more , and raised the question of whether campaign rallies would be allowed ahead of upcoming parliamentary elections ."
"but interior minister aftab khan sherpao said foreigners would not be brought into the investigation . i would categorically reject this , he said ."
we are conducting the investigation in a very objective manner .
"bhutto , who escaped the blast because she had stepped into her armored bus minutes before the bomb went off , has called for an independent inquiry , questioning why many streetlights were not working as her convoy inched its way through the darkness , and noting the chief investigator is a police officer who had been present as her husband was allegedly tortured while in custody on corruption charges in ."
"the inquiry should be led by pakistan , but the government should call on foreign experts so that the killers . . . can be brought to justice without any doubts , she said monday at the karachi tomb of pakistan s founding father , mohammed ali jinnah ."
"she also appealed to the militants , saying , the terrorists should lay down their arms . if there are any differences in opinion they should be resolved through dialogue ."
"san diego , california cnn a quarter million people fled their homes amid wildfires that had burned , acres around san diego county , officials said monday ."
"the situation continues to deteriorate , fire chief bill metcalf said at a . m . pacific time , with numerous structures lost across the county ."
"i think there s a very good possibility it will reach the coast before it s finished , metcalf said of one of the fiercest blazes ."
"it s a tragic time for california , gov . arnold schwarzenegger said monday , declaring a state of emergency in seven counties ."
"the wind is our number one enemy right now , he said ."
the fast moving fires are threatening the san diego zoo s wild animal park .
"the park was closed monday and some of the animals , like endangered condors , are being moved to a safer location , according to zoo spokeswoman yadira galindo ."
video from the lake arrowhead area in san bernardino county showed dozens of homes charred as huge plumes of smoke filled the sky .
"lake arrowhead resident michael beamis said that several houses in the area are on fire , but there are no firefighters around ."
officials believe the fire was started when winds blew down power lines .
two fires are burning in the area
"the grass valley fire , and the slide fire , each covering about acres with no containment ."
"the u . s . forest service confirmed some homes already have been claimed by the fire , but it did not know how many ."
kabc has reported that their chopper pilot has seen to homes on fire .
"metcalf said the fires were consuming homes in the communities of escondido , rancho bernardo , poway , forest ranch and lake hodges ."
"new delhi , india cnn wild monkeys attacked a senior government official who then fell from a balcony at his home and died sunday , media reported ."
"new delhi deputy mayor s . s . bajwa was rushed to a hospital after the attack by a gang of rhesus macaques , but succumbed to head injuries sustained in his fall , the press trust of india news agency and the times of india reported ."
"last year , the delhi high court reprimanded city authorities for failing to stop the animals from terrifying residents and asked them to find a permanent solution to the monkey menace ."
part of the problem is that devout hindus believe monkeys are manifestations of the monkey god hanuman and feed them bananas and peanuts encouraging them to frequent public places .
"over the years , city authorities have employed monkey catchers who use langurs a larger and fiercer kind of monkey to scare or catch the macaques , but the problem persists ."
"the hague , netherlands cnn a former congolese militia leader suspected of war crimes and crimes against humanity made his first appearance at the international criminal court at the hague monday ."
"germain katanga , , is alleged to have committed six war crimes and three crimes against humanity including murder , sexual enslavement , and using child soldiers in the democratic republic of congo s northeast ituri region ."
"katanga wore a dark gray suit , white shirt and dark blue tie ."
"when the court session began , the judge and lawyers spent about minutes trying to determine which language to use in proceedings ."
"katanga spoke in french but said his preferred language is lingala , one of the national languages in congo ."
"because the court lacked a lingala translator , the judge asked whether katanga speaks swahili , but he said no ."
"a member of the prosecution then told the court katanga does indeed speak swahili because he spoke it with his guard while being transferred to court , but a member of the defense counsel said it is not the language katanga speaks best ."
the court then adjourned to sort out the language issue .
"katanga is not yet charged with the alleged crimes , and monday s session does not mark the start of his trial ."
a date for a hearing to confirm the charges is among the items on monday s agenda .
"until that hearing , katanga is considered only a suspect of the crimes and is not even formally accused , said sonia robla , a spokeswoman for the icc ."
"katanga , who once led the forces for patriotic resistance in ituri , was arrested in congo in and transferred to the hague last week ."
"allegations against him include murder , sexual enslavement , forcing children to fight as soldiers , deliberately attacking civilians , and pillage ."
the conflict in the democratic republic of congo began after the rebel forces of laurent kabila drove former dictator mobutu sese seko from power in .
"after kabila took over , militias backed by neighboring african countries began a war primarily aimed at taking control of congo s vast mineral resources , which are concentrated in the east of the country ."
"kabila s son , joseph , took power after his father s assassination in and was formally elected president at the end of last year ."
"human rights groups estimate that more than million people have been killed , making it the deadliest conflict since world war ii ."
sporadic fighting persists in the country s eastern provinces despite a peace accord .
"london , england cnn jurors at the inquest into the death of princess diana have heard an eyewitness account of how a motorcycle raced from the scene of the fatal car crash that killed the british royal and her boyfriend , dodi fayed , in ."
"in a statement read out to the london court , french motorist grigori rassinier described how he had been travelling in the opposite direction through paris pont de l alma tunnel on the night the accident occurred ."
"rassinier said he watched a motorbike emerge from the smoke which engulfed the underpass before speeding away without stopping , the uk s press association reported ."
"immediately afterwards i heard a hooter followed by the sound of braking and then saw a motorbike emerge from the smoke , rassinier said ."
it seems improbable that the motorcycle stopped before setting off again . i think that the motorcycle simply had time to slow down or to brake very hard .
"rassinier said he could see two heads in the back of the princess mercedes , which he described as juddering in the aftermath of the accident as smoke billowed from the front of the car ."
"diana was crushed against the front seat with her hand raised , rassinier said ."
"the inquest , which is now entering its fourth week , must decide whether the deaths of diana , fayed and their driver henri paul on august , were an accident or murder ."
"cnn al jazeera broadcast monday an audio message purportedly from al qaeda leader osama bin laden calling on al qaeda and other groups in iraq to unify their forces and speak with one voice , that of the islamic nation ."
the arabic language broadcaster said the tape was titled letter to the people of iraq .
"the message includes no dated references , making it impossible to determine when it was taped based on its contents ."
"in the message , bin laden calls on his followers to be loyal to the islamic nation , not to individual leaders , groups , tribes or countries ."
the tape marks the first time bin laden speaks directly to the militants .
"i advise myself and the islamic nation not to follow individuals and countries , he said . everything should be seen in the light of islam ."
"addressing the mujahedeen in iraq as my brothers , he said , you have done well to perform your duty , but some of you have been late to another duty , which is to unify your ranks and make them into one line ."
"though cnn is not able to confirm that the voice belongs to bin laden , the arabic language broadcaster has aired other tapes of his and the voice sounded like bin laden s , said cnn arabic affairs senior editor octavia nasr ."
"last month , an audio message from bin laden called on muslims to carry out jihad against pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf ."
last month s minute audio message titled come to jihad
"a speech to the people of pakistan was recorded over a montage of old video , and began with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic ."
"the tape was subtitled in english , and an arabic transcript was released ."
"terrorism analyst laura mansfield told cnn that while the september message was directed at the pakistani people , the simultaneous release of transcripts in english , pashto and arabic indicate the terror group is looking at a wider audience , including the english speaking world ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn rebels from the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , will announce monday a unilateral cease fire following a deadly attack on turkish forces , a spokesman for iraqi president jalal talabani told cnn ."
talabani has been meeting with leaders in iraq s kurdistan region to quell tensions with turkey after pkk rebels ambushed a turkish infantry unit early sunday and killed at least soldiers .
"the firat news agency reported rebel commander bahoz erdal as saying that right now , these soldiers are hostages in the hands of our forces . . . we have not harmed them and we will not ."
"the attack happened in southeastern turkey , but turkey s military said the rebels were based in northern iraq ."
sunday s attack has raised the prospect of a major turkish military incursion into northern iraq targeting the kurdish separatists .
"amid u . s . and iraqi calls for restraint , foreign minister ali babacan , currently touring the middle east , vowed that turkey would continue to pursue diplomatic efforts ."
"but in the end , if we do not reach any results , there are other means we might have to use , he said ."
"responding to sunday s ambush , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan urged the u . s . to take speedy steps toward cracking down on the pkk in iraq , according to the associated press"
erdogan said u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice had expressed sympathy and asked for a few days in a telephone conversation late sunday .
"in an interview conducted prior to the attack , erdogan told the uk s times newspaper that turkey would do whatever is necessary to defend itself ."
"if a neighboring country is providing a safe haven for terrorism . . . we have rights under international law and we will use those rights and we don t have to get permission from anybody , said erdogan , who was due to meet uk prime minister gordon brown on monday in london ."
erdogan also said the u . s . risked losing an important friend if lawmakers passed a bill declaring as genocide the mass killings of armenians by turks during world war i .
"in addition to those killed and missing , up to soldiers were reported wounded in sunday s ambush ."
the belgian based pro kurdish firat news agency released the names of seven turkish troops it claimed had been captured by separatists .
"it said an eighth soldier had also been captured , ap reported ."
"turkish forces retaliated to sunday s attack by killing pkk fighters , according to a statement on an official government web site ."
cross border shelling continued on monday as ap reported sightings of convoys containing dozens of military vehicles headed from the southeast town of sirnak toward the iraqi border .
"the bush administration on monday asked for an additional . billion for the wars in iraq and afghanistan , bringing the request for total war funding to . billion ."
the request comes on top of billion already sought for in the wars .
"most of the money goes to iraq , which is costing the pentagon an estimated billion a week ."
"parts of this war are complicated , but one part is not and that is that america should do what it takes to support our troops and protect our people , president bush said in an appearance with members of veterans groups at the white house ."
"bush said the money will cover basic operating expenses , plus additional armored vehicles and countermeasures designed to protect u . s . troops from roadside bombs ."
"congress should not go home for the holidays while our troops are still waiting for the funds they need , he said ."
"the president also called on congress to finish the appropriations bills that fund the pentagon and department of veterans affairs before lawmakers holiday recess , set to begin in mid november ."
"minutes after bush spoke , senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , warned the president not to expect congress to rubber stamp the latest request ."
"in the coming weeks , we will hold it up to the light of day and fight for the change of strategy and redeployment of troops that is long overdue , reid said ."
"the bollywood actor sanjay dutt returned to prison monday , two months after he was released on bail , to resume serving a six year sentence for illegal weapons possession in a case linked to a bombing that killed people ."
he was released on august because the court had still not issued sentencing papers .
"the delay occurred because the judgment , which ran to , pages , needed to be issued to all people convicted in the case ."
dutt is appealing his sentence in the supreme court .
the actor s case was part of a sprawling mumbai bombings trial that has dragged on for years .
"he maintains he knew nothing about the bomb plot and that he asked for the guns to protect his family his mother was muslim , and his father , hindu after receiving threats during sectarian riots in mumbai ."
"cnn a series of wildfires sunday in southern california led to evacuations in some areas , and killed at least one person and injured eight others in san diego county , according to officials ."
"four firefighters and four civilians were hurt in the southeastern part of san diego county , said roxanne provaznik , spokeswoman for the california department of forestry and fire protection ."
"the sand diego county blaze , straddling highway , scorched , acres and destroyed at least one structure , fire officials said ."
provaznik said the firefighters were hurt when flames engulfed their fire engine .
"further north , at least seven fires burned near malibu , the beach community that is home to dozens of celebrities ."
fires shut down the malibu section of the pacific coast highway .
los angeles county fire chief p . michael freeman said five single family home and two commercial buildings a glass company and malibu presbyterian church were destroyed in malibu .
"nine single family homes and five commercial buildings had been damaged , he said of the blaze that consumed , acres ."
the department said about homes in the malibu area were evacuated .
"freeman said the malibu area fire began around a . m . a . m . et sunday . as of p . m . p . m . et the malibu fire was not under control , he said ."
"the cause is still under investigation but several downed power lines were found in the area , he said ."
"hot weather and santa ana winds marked the height of traditional wildfire season this weekend , after one of the driest years on record ."
"flames consumed malibu s landmark castle kashan , a fortress like hilltop home with turrets and arched windows ."
"los angeles fire inspector sam padilla said the department was encouraging evacuations at the school because aerial views of the fires , fanned by winds , showed some buildings on the campus were threatened ."
"the residential area malibu crest and vacation area sierra retreat also were evacuated sunday , padilla said ."
"residents of the threatened areas include dick van dyke , mel gibson , and olivia newton john ."
"meanwhile , another wind driven wildfire has burned hundreds of acres of woodland in the townsend peak area of california s angeles national forest , in the northern section of los angeles county , according to u . s . forest service spokesman stanton florea ."
"the fire , which started just before p . m . saturday a . m . sunday et saturday , threatens a condor habitat and destroyed an out building , florea said ."
"cnn britney spears has regained temporary visitation rights of her two sons , her attorney said sunday ."
"yes , she s got visitation with the kids , lawyer anne c . kiley told cnn in a telephone interview . she had this weekend from saturday morning til sunday at some point ."
"a court appointed monitor is accompanying the family during the visitations , which are allowed several days a week , kiley said ."
"people magazine reported that spears was spotted saturday driving in her white mercedes convertible with her sons , sean preston , , and jayden james , ."
"last wednesday , a court commissioner suspended spears visitation rights with her children until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex husband , kevin federline ."
"earlier this month , the court awarded full custody of the couple s sons to federline , spears former backup dancer ."
"canadian teacher christopher paul neil was the subject of a worldwide lookout posted earlier this month by interpol , the international police agency , after he was identified as the man in photographs posted on the internet showing different young males being sexually abused ."
"a canadian who had been working in south korea as an english teacher , he was arrested early friday in nakhon ratchafima , a town about miles northeast of bangkok ."
"neil , , kept his head covered with a blue shirt as he was paraded in front of a throng of photographers as he arrived in bangkok friday ."
he sat silently and without expression as police officials spoke about the case .
"neil , with his head closely shaved but his beard apparently not shaved for several days , wore a t shirt , jogging pants and sunglasses ."
a thai court saturday granted investigators their request to keep neil in jail for days pao in said .
"thai officials would consider sending neil to another country to face charges if there is a request for extradition , he said ."
thai police said the three boys who are expected to be key witnesses against neil in any trial in their country were between the ages of seven and at the time of their abuse .
"colombo , sri lanka cnn tamil tiger rebels launched a deadly land and air attack on a sri lankan air base early monday in the northern part of the country , triggering explosions and damaging aircraft , military sources said ."
the attack at the air base at anuradhapura began at a . m . with rebels infiltrating the base in the country s north central province .
"residents in the area , who spoke by telephone , said they heard loud explosions and heavy gunfire ."
"shortly after the ground attack began , a rebel aircraft bombed the base , the sources added ."
police enforced an unofficial curfew for the area which has been sealed off as fighting continues .
"seven sri lankan air force personnel have been killed , including an officer and two airmen on the base , a military source said ."
"four crew members on a sri lanka air force bell helicopter were killed when their aircraft crash landed in mihintale , near anuradhapura ."
the immediate cause of the crash was not known .
there has been no official response to the incident so far except an admission by defence ministry sources that an attack had taken place .
officials downplayed the incident saying a small group had staged an attack .
"military sources said two mi helicopter gunships , a u . s . built beechcraft reconnaissance plane and a chinese built k fighter jet , were damaged ."
"however , air force officials declined comment ."
monday s strike was the first major attack on an air force base since the rebels demonstrated their air strike capability in march this year .
"the move , analysts say , is a direct retaliation for the month long raids on rebel positions by air force bombers ."
it was only a week ago the rebels attacked an army detachment in southern sri lanka killing six soldiers .
"kid rock was arrested early sunday after a brawl at a restaurant and spent about hours in jail before being released , police said ."
"the musician stopped at the waffle house restaurant shortly after a . m . after his performance at the tabernacle in atlanta , authorities said ."
"he and five members of his entourage were involved in a fight with a male customer inside the waffle house , said mekka parish , a spokeswoman for the dekalb county police department ."
"the customer recognized a female with kid rock s party and exchanged words with her , parish said ."
"kid rock left in his tour bus and was stopped by police about a mile from the restaurant , parish said ."
"the other customer was charged with criminal damage to property , a felony , parish said . kid rock was released from the county jail on bond about p . m ."
"asian stocks plunged monday , dragged down by last week s decline on wall street and on the yen s strength against the u . s . dollar ."
traders pinned hopes on bargain hunting to buoy markets later in the day .
"japan s benchmark nikkei stock index lost . percent to , . points on the tokyo stock exchange by the close of morning trade monday ."
"in seoul , the korea composite stock price index was down . percent at . by midday ."
"stocks were also down in australia , hong kong , indonesia , the philippines and taiwan ."
"the selling pressure is mostly driven by the u . s . sell off , which is prompting fund managers to unwind global positions , said derek lam , trader at fubon securities ."
"to , . friday , as lackluster corporate earnings , renewed credit concerns and rising oil prices spooked investors ."
"the united states and other nations will not allow iran to obtain a nuclear weapon , vice president dick cheney said sunday ."
"our country , and the entire international community , cannot stand by as a terror supporting state fulfills its grandest ambitions , cheney said in a speech to the washington institute for near east studies ."
he said iran s efforts to pursue technology that would allow them to build a nuclear weapon are obvious and that the regime continues to practice delay and deceit in an obvious effort to buy time .
"if iran continues on its current course , cheney said the u . s . and other nations are prepared to impose serious consequences ."
"cheney s words seemed to only escalate the u . s . rhetoric against iran over the past several days , including president bush s warning that a nuclear iran could lead to world war iii ."
cheney said the ultimate goal of the iranian leadership is to establish itself as the hegemonic force in the middle east and undermine a free shiite majority iraq as a rival for influence in the muslim world .
"iran s government seeks to keep iraq in a state of weakness to ensure baghdad does not pose a threat to tehran , cheney said ."
"iran is a place of unlimited potential . . . and it has the right to be free of tyranny , cheney said ."
"the body of an month old girl reported missing after her soldier father returned from a deployment in iraq was found in the attic of her home , authorities said ."
"harmony jude creech apparently had been dead for weeks , harnett county sheriff larry rollins said late saturday night ."
"rollins said the child s mother , johni michelle heuser , told investigators she had found the baby dead in its crib and put the body in the attic of her home ."
neighbors said they had been bothered by a foul smell for several weeks and that the smell only subsided recently when overnight temperatures dropped .
several neighbors said they had searched their yards for dead animals because of the smell .
"harmony s father , ronald earl creech ii , returned to north carolina from a month deployment in iraq on friday hoping to see his daughter ."
"harmony was born while he was overseas , police said ."
"creech is assigned to the nd airborne division , which is based at fort bragg ."
"an amber alert was issued after the baby was reported missing . rollins said investigators were still interviewing heuser , and the investigation continues ."
"an autopsy will be performed on the child s body to determined how she died , police said ."
"police questioned three people saturday over the bombing of benazir bhutto s caravan , which killed at least people and shattered what was intended to be a triumphant return from exile ."
"the men were linked to a vehicle that police think was used by one of the attackers who threw a grenade at the convoy late thursday , causing bhutto s campaign bus to come to a halt , said a senior investigator who spoke saturday on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the investigation ."
"seconds later , a suicide bomber blew himself up with a shrapnel filled explosive ."
police detained the three men in southern punjab province a center for militancy and took them to karachi for questioning .
"the senior investigator said police believed the men , who have yet to be charged , hold crucial clues about the bombing ."
more than were injured .
"pakistan s government on saturday denied involvement in the attack , while sporadic violence flared in karachi , a boisterous city of million people ."
"angry over the suicide bombing , supporters of bhutto s pakistan people s party threw stones and burned tires in parts of the city ."
"bhutto , , hopes to earn a third term as prime minister in january s parliamentary elections ."
"she returned to pakistan on thursday after a self imposed , eight year exile ."
"she was prime minister from until , when her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations that she denied ."
"she returned to power in , but again her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations in ."
"authorities have recovered the bodies of central american migrants whose boat capsized in the pacific ocean , the mexican navy said on saturday ."
the vessel was believed to be carrying more than migrants .
"survivor noemi martinez , , of el salvador , said the boat departed from guatemala and capsized tuesday with more than people aboard , according to moises hernandez , regional commander for ministerial police in oaxaca ."
"state authorities identified the only other known survivor as salvadoran walter alan , ."
search efforts were suspended on saturday because of heavy rain that flooded rivers and creeks .
"earlier , a military helicopter searched the sea while state authorities combed the beach near the towns of san francisco ixhuatan and san francisco del mar , about miles"
from the guatemalan border .
"in a news release , the navy said the ship apparently was overloaded and capsized in heavy seas ."
illegal migrants who used to travel as stowaways on railway freight cars also have been searching for new routes north since train service was interrupted this year on two railway lines .
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki met sunday with the top u . s . military commander in iraq to voice his outrage over the reported deaths of iraqi civilians during a sunday morning military raid in baghdad s sadr city , a government spokesman told cnn ."
"al maliki expressed his concerns to gen . david petraeus over iraqi reports that to civilians were killed in the raid , spokesman ali al dabbagh told cnn s late edition ."
the u . s . military said its ground forces are unaware of civilian deaths in the early morning raid that it said left criminals dead .
"during sunday s meeting , he said al maliki clearly mentioned that this excessive force . . . by the multi national forces used against civilians is not creating a good atmosphere ."
"an iraqi interior ministry source told cnn that civilians were killed all men and other civilians were wounded , including women and children ."
"sadr city s mayor , hassan adhab , told iraqi state tv there were martyrs including a mother and her three children and others were wounded ."
coalition forces were targeting a man they said was a leader in an iranian funded kidnapping operation .
u . s . military spokeswoman sgt . nicole dykstra told cnn the target was neither apprehended nor killed .
"adhab described a bloody scene , saying dozens of sheep were killed in the melee , and military aircraft still hovered over the neighborhood hours after the raid ."
"jerusalem cnn a palestinian militant cell planned to assassinate israeli prime minister ehud olmert during a recent visit to the west bank city of jericho , israeli media reported sunday ."
"the plot described at an israeli cabinet meeting sunday morning was foiled after israeli security services passed on the identities of the militants to the palestinian authority , the israeli daily newspaper haaretz reported ."
"however , the alleged plotters all from fatah , the party loyal to palestinian president mahmoud abbas have been released , despite admitting to the plot , the newspaper said , citing an israeli official ."
"but a spokesman for tawfiq tirawi , the head of palestinian security services in the west bank , told cnn the men were still in custody and being interrogated ."
"the suspected plot was set to coincide with a trip by olmert to meet with abbas in jericho on august , haaretz reported ."
"word of the foiled plot came to light sunday morning when yuval diskin , head of israel s domestic shin bet security service , gave details during a weekly meeting of the israeli cabinet ."
"according to the newspaper , diskin told the meeting that the militants were planning to intercept olmert s convoy as it approached the entrance to jericho ."
there were no specific details of how they planned to attack the israeli leader .
"diskin said several suspects were arrested by the palestinians after a tip off from the intelligence services , and other members of the cell were arrested by israeli security forces ."
a senior political source in jerusalem told haaretz that israel was incensed by reports that the suspects had been freed last week .
the source said olmert had lodged a complaint with president abbas .
"beijing , china cnn three aging members of the nine member committee that rules china are retiring and their replacements will be selected by the communist party s central committee on monday ."
"a fourth new member of the politburo s standing committee will also be selected to replace executive vice premier huang ju , who died earlier this year ."
"the retiring leaders include state vice president zeng qinghong , , wu guanzheng , the year old head of china s anti corruption body , and year old luo gan , who is in charge of the country s police and security apparatus ."
there is an unwritten rule among party leaders that they retire when they approach the age of .
"the congress , comprised of , delegates from all over china , meets only every five years ."
"the elite standing committee , which is"
"china s top policy making body , is made up of nine members of the member politburo , which will also be named sunday ."
"cnn the united states is urging turkey to show restraint after kurdish rebels attacked its forces on sunday , killing at least turkish soldiers and wounding others near turkey s border with iraq and iran , according to turkey s defense minister ."
"the initial response by turkish forces was to hit back by killing rebels from the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , in southern turkey , according to a statement on an official government web site ."
"sunday s deadly attack on turkish soldiers prompted outrage among citizens in istanbul , turkey , who took to the streets in protest ."
"defense minister vecdi gonul said that , in addition to the killed , turkish soldiers were missing after the ambush in southern turkey ."
he denied reports they had been abducted by pkk rebels .
"shortly after the attack , a wedding convoy tripped a landmine in daglica , turkey , near the ambush site , a turkish government source said ."
"the attack wounded people and is believed to have been the work of pkk rebels , the source said ."
"there are fears that the escalation in fighting could spill into northern iraq s kurdish region , where turkey insists the pkk leadership is based ."
"but iraq denies that , saying pkk leaders are hiding out in rugged mountain areas along the turkish border that are not controlled by iraq ."
cross border shelling between turkish forces and pkk rebels in northern iraq continued sunday .
iraqi leaders fear turkish ground forces could make a major push into northern iraq after turkey s parliament approved such an incursion in an overwhelming vote last week .
"gonul on sunday assured u . s . defense secretary robert gates that ankara would not to carry out an imminent ground incursion , but he did not abandon the possibility of sending turkish troops into northern iraq , which gonul called a safe haven for pkk rebels ."
"gonul and gates met in kiev , ukraine . gates said a major cross border operation would be contrary to turkey s interests as well as to our own and that of iraq ."
"iraq s president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , addressed the rising tensions with turkey during a meeting with kurdish regional leader massoud barzani in irbil , the capital of iraq s kurdistan region ."
"talabani reiterated iraq s demand that pkk rebels lay down their arms , and restated calls for a diplomatic solution ."
he also said sunday that iraqi forces are unable to find the rebel leaders because of the difficult landscape .
"the turkish military , with its mightiness , could not annihilate them or arrest them , so how could we arrest them and hand them to turkey ?"
"tariq al hashimi , one of iraq s two vice presidents and a top sunni arab leader , met with turkish leaders last week about the tensions along the iraq turkish border , and said the talks ended in good results , his office said in a statement ."
"when asked how iraq s government would respond to the possibility of turkish ground forces in northern iraq , barzani urged dialogue with turkey but said iraqi forces would act in self defense ."
"according to celebrity web site hollywood . tv , spears was pulling out of a beverly hills medical building around p . m . when the incident occurred ."
"video on the web site is titled the unfortunate foot incident , but doesn t show the tire of spears car rolling over the cameraman s foot ."
spears honks and the car lurches forward a few feet .
spears drives off .
"seconds later , the video shows what appears to be a tire mark on the unidentified paparazzo s sock ."
spears apparent foot bender isn t the first time she s had trouble behind the wheel . she faces hit and run charges and driving without a valid license from an august wreck .
president bush on friday set new sanctions against members of myanmar s military junta and their associates in response to the junta s violent crackdown on democracy protesters .
"we must not turn a deaf ear to their cries , bush said of those who have taken to the streets for democracy in the southeast asian nation ."
"in late september , the u . s . treasury department announced it was freezing the assets of senior members of the government of myanmar , formerly known as burma ."
"also , the state department imposed travel restrictions against the same junta leaders ."
bush said friday he was expanding those sanctions to include more members of the ruling junta .
"in addition , individuals associated with myanmar s government will face u . s . sanctions ."
"burma s rulers continue to defy the world s just demand to stop their vicious persecution , bush said in explaining the additional sanctions ."
pro democracy protesters took to the streets of myanmar in august after the government raised fuel prices as much as percent .
"nearly a month later , buddhist monks took the lead in the protests and defied military orders that they stop ."
"bush called on the junta to release political prisoners and negotiate with the democratic opposition , threatening to increase u . s . pressure if that does not occur ."
second seed rafael nadal has been crushed by argentine david nalbandian in the quarterfinals of the madrid masters .
"nalbandian will now play third seed novak djokovic , who defeated mario ancic , in his first semifinal of the year ."
"spaniard nadal , coming off a win over andy murray on thursday , was slow to nalbandian s groundstrokes and broken in the third game . a double fault in the fifth game set up another break chance for nalbandian , whose forehand clipped the net to skip beyond nadal"
"after holding to love , nalbandian reached nadal s overhead smash for a crosscourt winner and the set ."
i didn t go in with a clear enough idea of the match i wanted to play .
new york cnn sony corp . on thursday cut the price of its playstation game console in the u . s . and announced an even cheaper model that will arrive before the holiday shopping season .
"the top line playstation model , with an gigabyte hard drive , now costs , down from ."
"that effectively eliminates the lower end model , which has a gigabyte drive and has sold for ."
a new low end model with a gigabyte drive will go on sale november for .
"unlike the other playstation models , the new one won t be able to play games made for the playstation ."
"in a statement , sony said this was due to a more extensive lineup of games of the playstation ."
"the u . s . launch of the gigabyte model was widely expected , since sony has already announced it for japan and europe ."
"it narrows the price gap with competing game consoles , but the playstation is still the most expensive ."
microsoft corp . s xbox costs and nintendo corp . s wii costs .
sony has sold million playstation s since they went on sale in november last year .
"fbi agents searched a las vegas , nevada , warehouse owned by illusionist david copperfield , according to an fbi spokesman , adding that the wednesday night raid was related to a case based in seattle ."
a lawyer for copperfield said he was aware of the investigation and that the fbi has contacted copperfield .
"no other information could be made public on the probe , said fbi special agent robbie burroughs , and it is not immediately clear if copperfield is a target of the probe ."
"los angeles , california cnn singer britney spears visitation rights with her children were suspended thursday until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex husband kevin federline ."
court spokesman allan parachini said the order was signed wednesday by the court commissioner handling her custody case .
"earlier this month , the court awarded full custody of the couple s two sons sean preston , , and jayden , to federline , spears former backup dancer ."
"last month , a judge ordered spears to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol ."
"that order , by superior court commissioner scott gordon , provided no details and did not name any specific drugs ."
"the parents had split custody , but federline then asked for the arrangements to be shifted to in his favor ."
"in addition to ordering the twice weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach , who was to observe her interactions with her children ."
gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non prescription controlled substances hours before taking custody of the children .
he also barred the exes from making derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party s family or significant other during the case .
and he ordered the parents to go through joint co parenting counseling and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys .
spears and federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in july .
cnn european leaders on thursday approved a new treaty that will reshape the european union s institutions and streamline decision making .
"with this new treaty , with this agreement , we ve managed to get out of a blind alley we ve been in for some time , portuguese prime minister jose socrates told reporters . we no longer have an institutional crisis . we re going to be ready to tackle the challenges of the future ."
"a stalemate was resolved after the polish delegation accepted a proposal , socrates said ."
"the treaty was approved on the first day of a two day summit in lisbon , portugal , which holds the rotating eu presidency ."
the treaty would succeed a proposed eu constitution that was scrapped in after voters in france and holland rejected it in referenda .
"the treaty changes voting procedures , increases the role of the european parliament and includes a charter of fundamental rights ."
"the treaty lacks the constitution s most contentious elements such as an eu flag and anthem , the associated press reported ."
"eu leaders are to formally sign the treaty in lisbon on december , ap reported ."
"however , opinion polls show that the majority of people in the main member states believe the treaty should be put to national votes ."
"of those questioned in britain , france , germany , italy and spain , percent think the treaty decision should go to a vote , according to a poll conducted by the british newspaper the financial times ."
another poll in the right wing daily telegraph of london showed that percent of british voters support a referendum .
"british prime minister gordon brown on wednesday told parliament he did not intend to put the treaty to a national vote , insisting the treaty would not lead to a fundamental change in the way britain is governed ."
"ireland is expected to hold a vote on the treaty , the only country planning to do so , because of the requirements of ireland s constitution ."
"new york cnn students at a high school in virginia prepared thursday for the funeral of a popular classmate , the victim of a deadly drug resistant strain of bacteria that has turned up in schools across the country recently ."
"it s called mrsa , short for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the united states each year than aids , according to new data ."
"ashton bonds was a senior at staunton river high school in moneta , virginia , who was diagnosed with mrsa ."
"after struggling with the infection for a week , the year old died on monday ."
"students at his school organized a rally , saying the school needed to be cleaned up before they went back to class ."
officials closed all schools in bedford county for cleaning this week .
the situation at staunton river high was not an isolated incident .
"on wednesday , school officials in connecticut confirmed that one student at weston high school and one at newton high school had been diagnosed with mrsa ."
"in rockville , maryland , at least students have been diagnosed with mrsa ."
"cases have been reported in ohio , michigan and other states ."
"although school principals have observed that the bacteria predominantly affects student athletes , cases have been reported in children of elementary school age as well ."
"a study published wednesday in the journal of the american medical association estimates that mrsa infections occurred in nearly , americans in ."
"based on those figures , an estimated , people died due to their mrsa infection in ."
that death rate is higher than the hiv aids death rate for that year .
"bangkok , thailand cnn a teacher from canada suspected of sexually abusing young boys in photographs posted on the internet has been arrested in thailand , thai police said ."
"a man believed to be christopher paul neil was taken into custody in a town about two hours northeast of bangkok , police said ."
"interpol , the international police agency that issued a worldwide appeal for information in the case last week , said the suspect had been working as an english teacher in south korea and flew from seoul to bangkok last thursday ."
"neil , , has been accused of sexually abusing at least a dozen cambodian and vietnamese boys , some as young as years old ."
"he has taught in thailand , south korea and vietnam , the associated press reported ."
the hunt for neil began three years ago when german police discovered about online photographs of a man sexually abusing children .
"his face was digitally obscured , but a breakthrough in the case came when german police were able to reconstruct a recognizable image , ap reported ."
"he was identified with the help of hundreds of tips from people who responded to an unprecedented appeal by interpol for public assistance , ap reported ."
"neil will be extradited to canada , said kim scanlan of the toronto police child exploitation unit ."
"canada s sex tourism laws allow prosecution for crimes committed abroad , ap reported ."
"the british broadcasting corporation has announced massive job cuts , saying it plans to sack around , of its staff ."
"the bbc said thursday it also plans to sell off bbc television centre , the corporation s landmark headquarters in west london , as part of efforts to plug a billion budget deficit ."
"in a statement released on its web site , the broadcaster said it will reduce its original output by percent to focus on fewer , higher quality programs ."
"mark thompson , the bbc director general , told staff that the changes would mean a smaller bbc , but one which packs a bigger punch because it is more focused on quality and the content that really makes a difference to audiences ."
"jeremy dear , the general secretary of the national union of journalists nuj , said they must withdraw these plans , agree to a framework for negotiations or face the potential of strike action ."
"bbc , which is paid for by the public through a compulsory license fee , is trying to fill a funding shortfall after the british government awarded it a much reduced settlement earlier this year ."
"the nuj said it is a mistake to target news and current affairs coverage for job cuts , since this is traditionally the most respected branch of the corporation ."
france s public transportation network came to a halt thursday as public sector workers staged a series of strikes in what is seen as the first big test for president nicolas sarkozy s government .
"airlines were operating as usual , but some flights were delayed because employees were having trouble getting to work ."
"the walkout began wednesday night and was expected to last hours , but the backlog of services could mean the effects of the strike last much longer ."
"there are fears it could impact the thousands of rugby fans heading to paris for saturday s world cup final between england and south africa . most international train services were still running , however ."
"about percent of eurostar train services between paris and london were operating thursday , as were about percent of thalys high speed trains between paris and brussels , amsterdam and cologne ."
"in addition to the transport sector , power , gas , and some postal workers were also on strike ."
"in , prime minister alain juppe backed down after three weeks of strikes in response to his efforts ."
about . million french workers qualify for this plan .
"joe torre is out as manager of the new york yankees , rejecting a deal that represented a substantial pay cut after the team failed to make it past the first round of the playoffs for the third straight year ."
"torre turned down a million , one year contract thursday that still would have made him the highest paid manager in baseball ."
"bench coach don mattingly is the leading contender to replace torre , who led the yanks to straight playoff appearances and won four world series championships ."
"it s a difficult day , general manager brian cashman said but it was one yankees fans could see coming ."
"torre , who took over the team to start the season , made his decision after traveling fom new york to the team s spring training complex in tampa ."
"it is now time for the new york yankees to move forward , team president randy levine said ."
"i m at least minutes into my flight glass of white wine in one hand , book in the other when it suddenly dawns on me that this is no ordinary vacation"
i m going to afghanistan .
"women in blue burqas , fields of opium poppies , fierce looking turbaned men , and tanks churning through dust ."
"that may well be true , but what i found on a weeklong trip was a surprisingly green country with incredibly welcoming people ."
often peeping from beneath those enveloping burqas i saw strappy high heeled sandals and crimson colored toenails .
"with suicide attacks in the capital , kidnappings of foreigners and a resurgence of the extremist taliban in the south , afghanistan doesn t get many tourists ."
"most western countries advise against all but necessary travel to afghanistan , while some countries have outright banned it ."
the u . s . department of state warns of an ongoing threat to kidnap and assassinate u . s . citizens . . . throughout the country .
"still , a few travel agencies , many run by former backpackers , will arrange trips there ."
"for me , it had become a tradition to do something unusual on my birthday ."
"i have chased hammerhead sharks in baja , mexico , explored the jungle lairs of indonesia s former separatist guerillas and hung out with street kids in china ."
this year it was afghanistan .
"after e mails with friends who lived there , security agencies and by chance , the son of a former afghan diplomat , i had a loose itinerary kabul , bamiyan , and the panjshir valley ."
"due to concerns about kidnappings , and lack of a tourism infrastructure , independent travel is not easy or recommended , especially for a single western woman ."
"so i had two choices either a foreign run travel agency in afghanistan , spending upward of , a day , or i could hire a driver for a third of the cost ."
"a friend recommended her driver , shahabudin sultani , a soft spoken bamiyan native dressed impeccably in a traditional cream afghan tunic and trousers ."
"and so at a . m . , we loaded bottles of water and bags of almonds and apricots into a minivan for the journey ."
"although it s only miles from kabul , the drive to bamiyan takes over hours along a dirt path that winds high up into the snowcapped koh i baba mountains before dipping down into a verdant valley ."
a faster route from the south is not recommended as it passes through some risky regions .
"dotted along the red craggy cliffs are dozens of fortress like mud and brick houses with high walls pockmarked by rocket and bullet holes , ubiquitous reminders of war ."
"war has been a constant in afghanistan , as regional powers battled for control of the territory often described as the cockpit of asia , and the bamiyan buddhas were silent witness to much of it ."
"out of the red cliffs when bamiyan , on the fabled silk road that linked rome to china , was a thriving center of buddhism and culture ."
"they survived the violent introduction of islam in the th century , although islamic leaders ordered that their golden gilded faces and hands be sliced off ."
"they escaped the murderous rage of genghis khan who lost his favorite grandson at the battle for bamiyan s red city in , and razed the entire valley in revenge ."
"london , england cnn a british museum has canceled a lecture by dr . james watson , co discoverer of the dna double helix , after he claimed black people are less intelligent than whites in a recent newspaper interview ."
"watson , who won the nobel prize for his part in discovering the structure of dna , provoked a storm of criticism after his comments were published in the sunday times ."
the eminent biologist told the british newspaper he was inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa because all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours whereas all the testing says not really .
"watson , , had been due to give a lecture at london s science museum on friday but the museum canceled his appearance , saying his comments had gone beyond the point of acceptable debate ."
"the american professor s words have been roundly condemned as racist , with fellow scientists dismissing his claims as genetic nonsense ."
"he should recognize that statements of this sort have racist functions and are to be deeply , deeply regretted , said professor steven rose of the british open university ."
watson is credited with discovering the double helix along with maurice wilkins and francis crick in .
"in the newspaper interview , he said there was no reason to think that races which had grown up in separate geographical locations should have evolved identically ."
"he went on to say that although he hoped everyone was equal , people who have to deal with black employees find this not true ."
"the british government s skills minister , david lammy , who is black , called the comments deeply offensive and said watson would only succeed in providing oxygen for extremist political groups ."
"deborah kerr , who shared one of hollywood s most famous kisses and made her mark with such roles as the correct widow in the king and i and the unhappy officer s wife in from here to eternity , has died ."
"kerr , who suffered from parkinson s disease , died tuesday in suffolk in eastern england , her agent , anne hutton , said thursday ."
for many she will be remembered best for her kiss with burt lancaster as waves crashed over them on a hawaiian beach in the wartime drama from here to eternity .
"the academy of motion picture arts and sciences nominated kerr a six times for best actress , but never gave her an academy award until it presented an honorary oscar in for her distinguished career as an artist of impeccable grace and beauty , a dedicated actress whose motion picture career has always stood for perfection , discipline and elegance ."
"i have never had a fight with any director , good or bad , she said toward the end of her career . there is a way around everything if you are smart enough ."
"kerr was active until the mid s , with the assam garden , hold the dream and reunion at fairborough all in ."
"kerr is survived by viertel , two daughters and three grandchildren ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife , cecilia , have divorced by mutual consent , the couple s attorney told a french radio network ."
europe reported the divorce was finalized monday .
"elysee palace announced thursday the sarkozys were separating , but offered no further details ."
the announcement followed weeks of speculation and rumors that the couple s marriage of years was in trouble .
cecilia sarkozy has been increasingly absent from her husband s side since he came to power in may .
rumors about the marriage intensified this week after a presidential spokesman said cecilia sarkozy would skip a state visit to morocco next week . the spokesman played it down as a simple scheduling announcement .
cecilia sarkozy was a smiling figure at her husband s inauguration in may as she stood with the children .
"russian president vladimir putin on thursday called on the united states to set a date for withdrawal from iraq , saying the u . s . military campaign had become a pointless battle against the iraqi people ."
"putin used a live russian tv and radio broadcast to criticize u . s . policy in iraq , which he said was aimed in part at seizing oil reserves ."
putin said the american battle in iraq was useless and totally counterproductive because it was against the iraqi people .
putin said he agreed with president bush that u . s . led coalition forces should only withdraw once the iraqi government was in full control of the country .
"however , he said the lack of a deadline for withdrawal meant there was no impetus for the iraqi leadership to take control of the security situation ."
"it s totally unacceptable to keep occupation forces there forever , he added ."
he also repeated his warning against u . s . efforts to put elements of a missile defense system in eastern europe and confirmed his plans to step down from the presidency next year .
putin was asked about comments attributed to former u . s . secretary of state madeleine albright suggesting that siberia had too many natural resources to belong to one country .
putin called those remarks a kind of political erotica and compared the situation with iraq .
"i ve watched the news , and i liked what putin said . i think he s a brave and noble man ."
"karachi , pakistan cnn two explosions killed at least people and injured at least thursday night near a motorcade carrying former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who returned to the country earlier in the day after eight years of self imposed exile , police sources told cnn ."
"bhutto and those with her were uninjured , and her companions said she reached her family home safely ."
video footage shows her exiting the vehicle after the blasts .
there were conflicting reports on whether there were one or two blasts and whether the bomb was in a car .
authorities have found what they believe is the body of a suicide bomber .
"we are still working details , but it seems that there was a suicide bombing there , tariq azim khan , pakistani information minister , told cnn ."
"although the truck that benazir bhutto was riding on was surrounded by police cars so the suicide bomber could not get onto the truck and could not get anywhere near it , so he blew himself up and that has caused many casualties , mostly among the policemen who were riding beside the truck ."
"other officials said at least one bomb apparently had been placed in a car on the street , where bhutto s supporters had gathered to see her convoy pass ."
one eyewitness told he saw a car explode with three people inside .
"video footage from the scene showed the street jammed with emergency vehicles , and injured victims writhing in the middle of the road ."
bhutto s return angered some sectors in pakistan because she was a female head of state who is perceived as being aligned with the united states .
the windshield of the vehicle in which bhutto was riding was smashed by the blasts and a vehicle following hers was totally burned out .
"because the streets were crowded with bhutto s supporters , who had turned out to greet her , ambulances had difficulty reaching the scene immediately after the blasts ."
onlookers resorted to ferrying the injured to hospitals in private cars .
"people s party leader qasim zia , who was riding on bhutto s truck , told cnn one of his bodyguards was seriously injured ."
"the blasts confirmed fears of instability linked to bhutto s return , which came after she reached an agreement with pakistani president pervez musharraf allowing her to seek re election as prime minister ."
many were bitterly opposed to that deal .
"bhutto told cnn just before returning to her homeland that she was aware of the risks and knew some people wished her harm , but i m prepared to take them ."
"she did , however , tell cnn wednesday that she wrote musharraf a letter naming those she feared would make an attempt on her life ."
"threats against her , she said , were made by certain people who have gained a lot through dictatorship ."
"they have presided over the rise of extremism , they have created safe havens in the tribal areas of pakistan for the taliban and other militants and they fear my return ."
the united states was swift to condemn what it called terrorist attacks in karachi during peaceful political demonstrations .
"there is no political cause that can justify the murder of innocent people , state department spokesman tom casey said in a written statement . those responsible seek only to foster fear and limit freedom ."
"the united states stands with the people of pakistan to eliminate terrorist threats , and to build a more open , democratic , and peaceful society ."
"white house spokesman gordon johndroe said , extremists will not be allowed to stop pakistanis from selecting their representatives through an open and democratic process ."
"as south korea s pusan international film festival widely recognized as asia s most important film showcase and market wraps up its th year , one thing has become apparent , at least for the domestic industry"
"it technology is hugely developed in korea , not hd cinema equipment or technology , says kang kyung il , manager of production at cj entertainment , south korea s dominant distributor in terms of volume and market share ."
"if this proportion seems impressive , it is less so considering the total of contemporary south korean films screened in the festival , where the hd feature ratio drops to little more than percent ."
"according to statistics compiled by the korean film council kofic , only out of films produced in were shot on hd , and none was among the top three grossers of the year"
hd was similarly absent among the award winners at piff .
"this year , three films shared the festival s prestigious new currents award , and of those only flower in pocket from malaysia was not shot on mm film it was shot on digi beta ."
"kofic has slated films for release in the second half of , with the hd number remaining stable at ."
the reasons for hd cinema s slow progress are simultaneously obvious and confounding to people in the industry .
"on one hand , hd s low production costs make the films easier to budget"
"on the other hand , the format s low penetration rate on the market makes the movies difficult to exploit ."
"seoul , south korea cnn some million of south korea s total million residents regularly use broadband internet ."
"as such , internet usage is not restricted to the younger generation"
it is not uncommon to see a year old gentleman indulging himself in the popular online game lineage ii in a local pc bang internet cafe .
"still , it s the kids who most actively embrace the bleeding edge technologies ."
this peek into the everyday life of an imaginary south korean boy named insoo kim offers insight into what the life of youths in the rest of the world might be like in the near future .
"insoo kim , , is a typical junior high school student in seoul ."
"like all his classmates , insoo s main means of communication with his buddies is text messaging ."
insoo doesn t even have to take the phone out of his pocket to send an sms .
"he knows how to slide it open , which buttons to push how many times to reach the send sms menu option , compose the entire text message , and hit the send button all without even looking at the phone ."
this is especially handy when he needs to send an sms during class .
"but these days , insoo and his friends don t simply use their phones to send an sms , or to take pictures or listen to mp music ."
"whenever funny things happen during the day , insoo and friends shoot video with their phones and send the clip to portal sites , hoping their clips will be featured on the portals homepages ."
"in south korea , ucc user created content is synonymous with amateur online videos ."
"ucc took the korean market by storm in , and its popularity has stretched well into ."
"school is over , and the time is now p . m . insoo has a few hours to kill before going to hakwon , a private special subject school , so he calls up the owner of a pc bang and asks for a ride ."
the pc bang offers skilled game players like insoo perks such as free transportation .
"who knows , one day a kid like insoo may grow up to become the national lineage champion , giving the pc bang he frequented exposure on national tv ?"
"the first thing insoo does after hakwon is , of course , turn on the pc ."
insoo has a difficult math problem as homework .
"he posts it up on naver knowledge in , a popular online q a service with some million entries ."
"within about minutes of posting , someone chimes in with a good answer , and insoo awards him with some knowledge power points knowledge based economy in action among year olds ."
"on insoo s nate on messenger , provided by the same company behind cyworld sk communications , a small icon pops up next to insoo s friend s name ."
it means he has just posted new cyworld content .
insoo clicks on the icon to read the new post and leaves a comment something insoo is expected to do as a chon cyworld buddy .
insoo s year old sister twists his arm to give up the computer so she can post a new entry on her own cyworld homepage .
"cyworld is regarded as popular among year old women , which is exactly why an year old girl aspires to use the service ."
"cyworld is not as explosive as it used to be five years ago , but the service continues to see a steady influx of new users , helped by teens such as insoo s sister ."
"speaking of insoo s sister , she follows every move of dongbang shingi , a popular korean wave pop group ."
"her cyworld minihompy background music is , of course , dongbang shingi s ."
gone are the days when kids bought cds by their favorite singers .
"for the young generation , music is deemed something that must be consumed over the net cds are for their parents ."
"to date , cyworld s minihompy streaming music sales amount to more than million songs , or million in revenue ."
"insoo quickly checks out today s fun clips on a host of online humor sites , including the humor university , and reluctantly lets his little sister use the computer ."
"time to purchase a second pc , insoo thinks but not before he gets his hands on the slick new lg phone , which insoo s father had promised to buy him if he excels on the upcoming finals ."
"visualizing a shiny new lg , insoo opens up his book for a quick round of reading before going to bed ."
"united nations cnn u . n . secretary general ban ki moon has called for the immediate and unconditional release of the head of the world food programme s mogadishu office after his arrest , a spokesman said ."
"up to heavily armed and uniformed somali troops stormed the wfp office wednesday morning and seized idris osman at gunpoint , but no shots were fired , the agency reported ."
"osman was being held at the headquarters of somalia s national security service in mogadishu , and wfp officials were working to gain his release , the agency said ."
"the aid agency has received no explanation for his arrest , which ban s office called a violation of international law , wfp spokesman marcus pryer said ."
"the raid violates a convention obligating governments to protect u . n . staff and property , a pact somalia s transitional government agreed to in , ban s office said ."
the secretary general calls for the immediate and unconditional release of the staff member .
"somalia has relied heavily on international aid since , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war ."
"the u . n . backed transitional government took power in mogadishu last december after an ethiopian led invasion drove out the islamic courts union , which had seized power from u . s . backed warlords in mid ."
"despite the deployment of an african union led peacekeeping force , remnants of the islamic group continue to battle government and ethiopian troops in the capital and other parts of the country ."
"sydney , australia cnn a group of children playing in an australian park wednesday opened a suitcase they found floating in a pond and discovered the body of a youngster inside , police said ."
police divers searched the pond in the sydney suburb of rosemeadow and sought potential witnesses in a hunt for clues to who the boy was and how he died .
"detective chief inspector gary clark said identifying the body was difficult because it had been in the water for some time , but officials believed it was a boy between and years old ."
a forensic examination of the body would start on thursday .
the australian associated press news agency reported that one boy said he and his friends were riding scooters when they heard about something in the water .
"police said about children between and years old spotted the black suitcase floating in the pond , clark said ."
"the park is surrounded by houses and is a spot for picnics , walking and cycling ."
"san francisco , california cnn the mona lisa has long been shrouded in mystery , including one long standing question about the famous lady"
pascal cotte announced at a press conference wednesday that he has found definitive proof that when leonardo da vinci painted the original portrait he included mona lisa s lashes and brows .
cotte examined the world s most famous painting using a high definition camera of his own design .
"the device scanned a million pixel image using light spectrums , including ultra violet and infrared ."
"the resulting ultra high resolution photograph of , dots per inch yielded a reproduction of the mona lisa s face magnified times ."
and there cotte found the evidence he sought a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow .
"one day i say , if i can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , i will have definitively the proof that originally leonardo da vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , said cotte ."
"possibly faded pigment , cotte suggested , or possibly a poor attempt to clean the painting ."
"and if you look closely at the eye of mona lisa you can clearly see that the cracks around the eye have slightly disappeared , and that may be explained that one day a curator or restorer cleaned the eye , and cleaning the eye , removed , probably removed the eyelashes and eyebrow , he said ."
cotte s high resolution camera led him to numerous additional discoveries about the enigmatic artwork .
the infrared layer of the image shows that the fingers of the mona lisa s left hand were originally painted in a slightly different position than in the final portrait .
cotte said the change in position was the result of a lap blanket held by leonardo s model .
"in today s faded image the blanket is all but obscured , but the highly detailed camera detected the faded pigment ."
"it was really the first time that we have this kind of position of the arm , cotte said , and after leonardo da vinci , thousands of painters have made a copy of this position but without understanding why we have this position ."
"the real justification of the position of the wrist is to hold the blanket on her stomach . it s really a great , for me , it s really a great discovery ."
"one of the results of cotte s work is a virtual restoration of the painting , an exact replica showing the original colors as they would have looked when the painting was new ."
"the skin tones of leonardo s model appear as a warm pink and the sky behind her is a glowing blue , far different from the gray green tint that covers the artwork today ."
"that dark patina is the result of years of aging , according to cotte ."
"the results of cotte s study are on display at the metreon in san francisco , as part of the exhibit da vinci"
an exhibition of genius .
the force may soon be coming to a television near you .
george lucas is planning a live action television series spinoff of the star wars film franchise .
"lucas told the los angeles times he has just begun work on the series , which will not include the films major characters luke skywalker or darth vader ."
"the skywalkers aren t in it , and it s about minor characters , lucas told the times on tuesday ."
"lucas wouldn t reveal details , but joked that the series would be about the life of robots ."
"lucas , , already has another television series in the works ."
lucasfilm animation has been working for months on the computer animated star wars
"norman mailer is recovering in a hospital after surgery to remove scar tissue around his lung , his daughter in law said wednesday ."
"he s been getting better every time i see him , salina mailer said ."
she didn t recall the date of the operation at mount sinai hospital in manhattan .
"mailer , , gained instant literary acclaim with his first book , the naked and the dead , published in and based in part on his experience as an army infantryman in the philippines ."
he won pulitzer prizes for the armies of the night and the executioner s song .
"his latest book , the castle in the forest , was published this year ."
"two goals in the space of four second half minutes by roman pavluchenko gave russia a crucial victory over england in moscow , to put qualification from euro group e firmly in their own hands ."
"wayne rooney had given england the lead on the half hour with a spectacular volley , following a flick on from michael owen , for his second goal in five days for his country ."
"england then wasted chances to increase their lead , notably when steven gerrard fired into the side netting when unmarked at the far post ."
the visitors were made to pay for their mistakes when pavluchenko fired home a th minute penalty after rooney had pulled back konstantin zyrianov on the edge of the area .
"with england s defense creaking under wave upon wave of russian attacks , the victory was sealed four minutes later when pavluchenko reacted quickest in the penalty area to score from close range ."
the result means that russia will definitely qualify for the finals if they win their remaining two matches in israel and andorra .
group leaders croatia only need a point from their final two matches away to macedonia and england to secure their qualification .
"so says the bride , elana glatt , who was so upset that she sued the florist and alleged breach of contract ."
"david , and her mother in law , tobi glatt , who paid for the flowers . the flowers cost , . . the lawsuit asks for more than , in restitution and damages ."
"stamos arakas , the florist , said that he and his wife , paula , tried to match the color of the hydrangeas with a picture glatt had given them , but explained to her that the colors might not look the same ."
"my father used to tell me , don t deal with the lawyers , arakas said . maybe he was right , god bless his soul ."
"expressing hope that the future of tibet and china will move beyond mistrust , the dalai lama accepted the congressional gold medal from president bush wednesday during a ceremony in the capitol rotunda ."
"i am deeply touched that this great honor has been given to me , a buddhist monk born of a simple family , he said ."
"earlier , china slammed the united states for bestowing the nation s highest civilian honor on the dalai lama , calling the ceremony an affront to the budding relations between the countries ."
"but the dalai lama repeated his stance that he s seeking a meaningful autonomy for the tibetan people , not independence from china ."
much of the world is waiting to see how china s concepts of harmonious society and peaceful rights would unfold .
"though bush said the ceremony was not meant to antagonize the chinese , he made repeated references to religious oppression ."
"americans cannot look to the plight of the religiously oppressed and close our eyes or turn away , bush said ."
"calling the dalai lama a universal symbol of peace and tolerance , a shepherd to the faithful and a keeper of the flame for his people , bush presented the medallion to the dalai lama ."
the turkish parliament has voted to allow its military to make an incursion into iraq and chase down kurdish rebels staging cross border attacks .
"turkey has already massed , troops in the region and over the weekend it shelled farms across the border ."
"jamal abdullah , an iraqi kurdish regional government spokesman , reacted to the turkish vote by saying the solution should be a political and diplomatic one , not a military one ."
"an incursion across the border would be violating the sovereignty of another country and is against international laws and treaties , he said ."
"we are in intensive talks and dialogue with the iraqi government on a political , diplomatic and even military level , although we hope it does not reach that level , abdullah said ."
"but the chances of such military action raises great concerns in the united states , which fears it would undermine the stability of the american backed government in baghdad and jeopardize the supply lines that support u . s . troops in iraq ."
"speaking as news of the vote was announced , u . s . president george w . bush who said there already are turkish troops stationed in iraq said we are making it very clear to turkey that we don t think it is in their interests to send troops into iraq ."
"london , england cnn widespread strikes are expected to cripple france s transport network just as rugby fans make their way to paris for this weekend s world cup final ."
"railway workers will join bus , power , gas and some state employees for the action called after president nicolas sarkozy refused to back down over planned pension reforms , according to monique ricard , spokeswoman for the french railway sncf ."
"trains across france and the metro paris s subway system are expected to come to a halt starting wednesday night , ricard said ."
"so far we ve been assured the disruptions should be manageable but it remains to be seen , jessica chambers , a spokeswoman for the england rugby supporters club ."
"prompted by government attempts to cut pension privileges , the strikes will be for hours but could be prolonged to friday , ricard said ."
"only one in four trains will be running on thursday , including suburban services linking paris to its three international airports , she said ."
"about , rugby fans are expected to attend saturday s world cup final between england and south africa ."
"commercial flights to the french capital were sold out , while thousands of england supporters have booked to travel on the eurostar rail service from london to paris ."
eurostar has advised its customers to avoid all travel on thursday and it has cancelled some of its trains on thursday and friday .
"high demand has pushed upward the price of a pair of tickets for the final to as much as , in ebay auctions ."
with paris hotels booked full many fans are staying kilometers miles outside the city in hotels around disneyland s paris resort .
new york cnn wanna be the first to score a copy of the spice girls greatest hits album ?
you ll have to go through victoria s secret to get it .
"the newly reunited british girl group s cd will be available starting november at victoria s secret stores and on the company s web site in the u . s . , capitol music group said tuesday ."
"greatest hits features hits , including wannabe and spice up your life , and two new songs , voodoo and the upcoming single , headlines friendship never ends ."
capitol said the disc will be available nationwide january .
"the original girl power group of the s will also appear at the annual victoria s secret fashion show , set to air december on cbs ."
the spice girls were one of the biggest acts of the s with more than million records sold .
"the quintet , who broke up in , announced they had reunited at a press conference in london in late june ."
"their reunion tour opens december in vancouver , canada . other confirmed dates san jose , california , december"
"and december and las vegas , nevada , december ."
"other north american tour dates are being rearranged , capitol music said , due to the high demand for tickets ."
the shows will be the first with all five of the original group since geri ginger spice halliwell quit to pursue a solo career in .
"their last album , forever , released in and without halliwell , fared poorly ."
"other members of the spice girls are victoria posh spice beckham , melanie sporty spice chisholm , emma baby spice bunton and melanie scary spice brown ."
"dubai , united arab emirates cnn fulfilling her promise and ending eight years of self imposed exile , former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto said wednesday she would return to pakistan through the southern port city of karachi on thursday ."
"to provide food , clothing and shelter , and fulfill the aspirations of the great people of my country who deserve a better future than they have had in the past ."
bhutto said more than a million people will gather in karachi on thursday to welcome her back .
"ahead of her arrival police have sealed roads and readied bomb disposal squads amid fears islamic militants could try to kill her , the associated press reported ."
"earlier this month , the office of president pervez musharraf announced he had signed a reconciliation ordinance that dropped outstanding corruption charges against bhutto and a number of other politicians ."
the move could shore up support for the embattled president and possibly strike a power sharing deal with the former premier .
"according to a bhutto adviser , the move could pave the way for mrs . bhutto s unhindered return to pakistan and free and fair elections ."
bhutto hopes to win a third term for herself as prime minister of pakistan .
"that will require a change in the county s constitution and her adviser , wajid shamsul hasan , indicated that a power sharing deal with musharraf that would allow that change is in place ."
singapore cnn oil prices have fallen in asia from a trading record of over a barrel yesterday .
the drop came amid expectations that a u . s . fuel report due today will show u . s . crude and gasoline stocks rose last week .
prices remain supported by concerns that a turkish incursion into iraq in search of kurdish rebels could disrupt crude supplies .
"light , sweet crude for november delivery dropped cents to . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange by midday today in singapore ."
"oil prices have also been driven higher by recent reports from the u . s . energy department , the international energy agency and opec suggesting oil supplies are flat or falling , as demand is growing ."
"antwerp , belgium cnn the head of de beers group which controls percent of the global diamond trade called on traders in europe , the u . s . and israel to back african efforts to cut and polish the continent s own gemstones ."
managing director gareth penny said it was logical to help create stability in african democracies through job creation .
"we don t embrace this out of some misguided enthusiasm or altruism , we embrace it because it makes good business sense and because it s the right thing to do , he said ."
"people will no longer buy conflict diamonds nor will miners invest the billions of dollars needed to extract them , he said ."
"the illegal trade in conflict diamonds sometimes known as blood diamonds has fueled and funded wars in africa , killing thousands in angola , sierra leone , liberia and the democratic republic of the congo ."
we need a strong and stable set of producing companies if we have to maximize future supply .
manchester united winger ryan giggs has signed a contract extension which ties him to the club until the end of june .
the year old has played matches for united since his debut in march against everton with only sir bobby charlton playing more games for the club .
"i would like to thank sir alex ferguson , the fans and everyone at the club for the great support i have received over the years ."
"the former welsh international has scored goals and won major titles in his time at old trafford , including nine premier league titles , four fa cups , two league cups and one european cup ."
he epitomises the word loyalty he signed here as a year old schoolboy and is still with the club years on .
apart from his playing ability he has a fantastic demeanour and is a great role model to the younger players . i am sure he will be at the club for a long time to come .
"mumbai , india cnn trading at india s stock exchanges was halted after the benchmark index plunged percent in early trading , as the market regulator moved to curb buying by foreign funds ."
"the mumbai stock exchange s share sensex tumbled , points , or . percent , to , points ."
the drop came as investors reacted to a plan by the securities and exchange board of india to restrict the issue of participatory notes to overseas investors .
"on the broader national stock exchange , the company s p nifty index plunged points , or . percent , to , points ."
"hundreds of villagers defied warnings of a major eruption at one of indonesia s deadliest volcanoes , leaving refugee centers wednesday and returning to homes along its slopes to tend to crops and animals ."
"the , foot volcano last erupted in , killing dozens ."
"in , a powerful explosion destroyed a hundred villages and claimed , lives ."
"local authorities began mandatory evacuations of around , people living within six miles of the peak late tuesday , mostly women , children and the elderly ."
"many men refused to leave , according to an associated press reporter on the mountain ."
"on wednesday morning , hundreds of people left temporary evacuation camps in rented trucks and returned to their villages , complaining they had received no food and saying they must tend crops ."
"there was no food at all , said darmiashiah , a year old woman who returned to the village of sugihwaras , well within in the evacuation zone ."
"kelud , on java island about miles east of the capital , jakarta , is one of the most active of indonesia s estimated active volcanoes ."
"that always happens , the exiled spiritual leader of tibet s buddhists said with a laugh , speaking to reporters gathered outside his downtown washington hotel ."
the white house defended the meeting in the president s residence and dismissed beijing s warning that the talks and the awarding of the congressional gold medal to him on wednesday would damage relations between the united states and china .
"the dalai lama is hailed in much of the world as a figure of moral authority , but beijing reviles the nobel peace prize laureate and claims he seeks to destroy china s sovereignty by pushing for independence for tibet , where the dalai lama is considered a god king ."
"he said that during their meeting , he explained to bush what was happening in tibet and said he thanked the president for showing his concern about tibet ."
"we know each other , and we have developed , i think , a very close friendship something like a reunion of one family , the dalai lama said , speaking of bush ."
"the dalai lama says he wants real autonomy , not independence , for tibet ."
but china demonizes the spiritual leader and believes the united states is honoring a separatist .
"bush and u . s . lawmakers on wednesday will present the dalai lama , who has lived with followers in exile in india since they fled chinese soldiers in tibet in , with the prestigious congressional honor ."
china has reacted with anger .
it seriously violates the norm of international relations and seriously wounded the feelings of the chinese people and interfered with china s internal affairs .
chinese state media on wednesday declared the u . s . must be held responsible for the consequences .
"we are not willing to see damage done to relations between the two countries , but this event will certainly cast a shadow over the relations , the official china daily newspaper said in an unsigned editorial ."
"myanmar s military junta acknowledged wednesday that it detained nearly , people during a crackdown on recent pro democracy protests , with hundreds still remaining in custody ."
"the official statement on the front page of the new light of myanmar , a government mouthpiece , said authorities were still hunting for demonstrators who took part in the recent uprising ."
"those who led , got involved in and supported the unrest which broke out in september were called in and are being interrogated , the junta said . some are still being called in for questioning and those who should be released will be ."
"the statement said that , people had been arrested since the crackdown started and nearly were still in custody ."
"in their last tally of arrests , the junta said that nearly , had been detained ."
"china , which has been uncooperative in past efforts to pressure myanmar s military rulers , said it supported gambari s mission ."
"as myanmar s closest ally and a permanent member of the security council , china is considered key in pushing for change in the southeast asian nation ."
"in tokyo , chief cabinet secretary nobutaka machimura said tuesday that the government was canceling a grant worth . million for a business education center slated for the yangon university campus ."
"in fiscal year , japan provided grants and technical assistance totaling . million to myanmar , according to the latest ministry figures ."
"tehran , iran cnn iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since ."
"putin , who is in tehran to attend a summit of caspian sea nations , said that he and the other leaders agreed that peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed in the region ."
"the iranians are cooperating with russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives , he said ."
russia is building iran s first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the u . s . and its allies to impose stronger u . n . sanctions against tehran .
"the leaders of iran , russia , kazakhstan , turkmenistan and azerbaijan also met tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the caspian sea the world s largest inland body of water ."
"speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region a reference to rumors that the u . s . planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported ."
"the caspian sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the caspian states , therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here , added iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
putin s visit is the first by a leader in the kremlin to iran since joseph stalin s world war ii conference meeting with u . s . president franklin d . roosevelt and british prime minister winston churchill .
"a man has accused sean diddy combs of punching him out during a dispute at a trendy manhattan nightspot , but the rap mogul s lawyer called it a harmless disagreement ."
"police were investigating the report of an assault early saturday at the club in soho , but declined to identify any suspects . law enforcement officials confirmed news accounts tuesday that combs , , was the alleged assailant ."
"investigators were seeking to locate more witnesses before questioning combs , said officials , who spoke to the associated press on condition of anonymity because the investigation hadn t not been completed ."
"we hope this matter will be resolved without the filing of any criminal charges as it was a disagreement among acquaintances , not a criminal assault , said the attorney , benjamin brafman ."
police said the incident occurred at about a . m . inside kiosk nightclub .
"the year old man told police that he and combs had been arguing over a woman before combs punched him in the face , the officials said ."
"combs recently placed third in hip hop cash kings rankings by the web site forbes . com , which put his income at an estimated million ."
"hoganas , sweden cnn swedish artist lars vilks says all he s doing is taking a stand in the name of artistic expression ."
"al qaeda has put a , price on his head and offered an extra , for anyone who murders him by slitting his throat after the eccentric artist and sculptor drew a cartoon depicting the prophet mohammed as a dog ."
"i don t think it should not be a problem to insult a religion , because it should be possible to insult all religions in a democratic way , says vilks from his home in rural sweden ."
"his crude , sketched caricature shows the head of prophet mohammed on the body of a dog ."
"dogs are considered unclean by conservative muslims , and any depiction of the prophet is strictly forbidden ."
"vilks , who has been a controversial artist for more than three decades in sweden , says his drawing was a calculated move , and he wanted it to elicit a reaction ."
"and if you look at it , don t take it too seriously ."
"no one actually loves the truth , but someone has to say it , he says ."
"vilks , a self described atheist , points out he s an equal opportunity offender who in the past sketched a depiction of jesus as a pedophile ."
"vilks cartoon , which was published in august by the swedish newspaper nerikes allehanda , hasn t reached that level of global protests , although it has stoked plenty of outrage ."
"muslims in sweden demanded an apology from the newspaper , which has stood by vilks on his freedom of expression stand ."
pakistan and iran also lodged formal protests with sweden .
"swedish police , who declined cnn s request for an interview , have advised vilks to abandon his home ."
but the artist still works there by day and travels to a safe house by night .
"eighteen people , including airline workers at new york s john f . kennedy international airport , appeared in federal court tuesday on international drug smuggling and distribution charges ."
"the drugs were hidden in luggage on international commercial flights from the dominican republic to jfk , the complaint alleges ."
"while the diversion was taking place , the defendants used lookouts to watch for law officers ."
"the leader of the defendants was henry polanco , who dealt with the drug suppliers in the dominican republic , according to the complaint ."
"he used employees from delta , american airlines and food services company aramark to help smuggle the drugs into the united states , the complaint says ."
"the case illustrates how conspiracy to smuggle drugs into the u . s . among airport employees compromised our border security , said mark lorenti , a special agent with immigration and customs enforcement , in a statement ."
"the drug enforcement administration said the street value of the drugs is , for the cocaine , . million for the heroin and , for the ecstasy ."
"four years after renouncing terrorism and abandoning its wmd programs , libya tuesday won a two year term on the u . n . security council ."
the u . n . general assembly approved tripoli s candidacy for a spot on the member council with votes .
"in may , the united states restored full diplomatic relations with libya and removed it from the list of state sponsors of terrorism , where it had been for years ."
"three years earlier , libyan leader moammar gadhafi had made an abrupt about face after the fall of iraqi dictator saddam hussein , renouncing support for terrorism and agreeing to give up libya s missiles and weapons of mass destruction ."
"in early , libya handed over its nuclear components and documents related to the country s wmd program , which were taken to a u . s . facility in tennessee ."
"later that year , the united states ended a year trade embargo against libya and lifted a ban on americans traveling there ."
"they have not fully paid the restitution to the families , said katherine flynn , the mother of one of the people were killed in the attack ."
"i cannot understand how a nation already under u . n . sanctions is going to become part of the security council that puts sanctions on countries , flynn added . this is absolutely an abomination as far as i m concerned ."
"speculation surrounds the state of french president nicolas sarkozy s marriage following word that the first lady , cecilia sarkozy , will not be accompanying her husband on a state visit to morocco next week ."
the sarkozys have been the subject of gossip for years .
"it has been widely reported that cecilia sarkozy had a relationship with an advertising executive , while there has been frequent speculation about the president s own alleged relationship with a french reporter ."
"since then , however , she s been notably absent from her husband s side ."
"she didn t attend a luncheon with her husband at u . s . president george w . bush s maine vacation home over the summer , citing illness ."
the sarkozy family was vacationing in new hampshire at the time .
"former president francois mitterand not only lived apart from his wife , danielle , but he maintained a secret second family that turned up in public only at his funeral ."
"still , observers say what would shock the french is not a divorce , but the image of a president lacking control of his personal life ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki asked the u . s . state department to pull blackwater out of iraq , after an iraqi probe concluded that the private contractors committed unprovoked and random killings in a september shooting , an adviser to al maliki told cnn ."
adviser sami al askari told cnn the iraqis have completed their investigation into the shooting at nusoor square in baghdad .
"al askari said the united states is still waiting for the findings of the american investigation , but al maliki and most iraqi officials are completely satisfied with the findings of their probe and are insisting that blackwater leave the country ."
the u . s . state department and the fbi are investigating the incident .
survivors told harrowing stories of being shot at by the guards despite presenting no threat .
the fbi has been in the process of speaking to the survivors .
"the first u . s . soldiers to arrive on the scene after the incident told military investigators they found no evidence contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary u . s . military report told cnn ."
"the soldiers found evidence suggesting the guards fired on cars attempting to leave and found weapon casings on the scene matching only those used by u . s . military and contractors , the military source said ."
u . s . embassy spokeswoman mirembe natango told cnn by telephone that the iraqi u . s . joint commission met and is proceeding with its work on the matter .
"we need to let the joint commission do its work , she said , adding that once the joint commission has finished , it will make policy recommendations ."
blackwater ceo and founder erik prince has said the team was attacked and was defending itself at an intersection not far from the heavily guarded green zone on september .
"seventeen iraqis were killed , including women and children , and were wounded , according to iraqi officials ."
prince told cnn sunday that the guards did not commit deliberate violence .
"london , england cnn a man hopped over a security barrier in the british museum on monday and tied surgical masks to the faces of two chinese terracotta warriors in a protest against china s pollution problems ."
"security guards stopped the man and escorted him away after alarms sounded , museum spokeswoman hannah boulton said ."
"the man was not arrested and the statues were not damaged , she said ."
"the exhibition , which took in more than million just on advance sales of , tickets , includes human figures selected from the more than , statues discovered in near the tomb of the ancient chinese emperor qin shihuangdi ."
"the museum is using a novel approach in exhibiting the statues , allowing visitors to stand almost face to face with the commanding , life size figures of warriors , archers , horses , musicians , acrobats and a charioteer ."
"part of the point of the exhibit is to see the statues up close , boulton said ."
"the environmental protester stepped over a knee high barrier to attach masks emblazoned with co , the chemical notation for carbon dioxide ."
"the movement near the statue triggered a silent alarm at the museum s security center , but not before the masks were put on two of the warriors ."
greenpeace and other environmental activists have criticized china for its environmental policies .
"china recently surpassed the united states as the world s largest greenhouse gas emitter , according to a june report by the netherlands environmental assessment agency ."
england captain john terry looks set to play in his side s euro qualifier against russia after flying to moscow with the rest of the squad on monday .
"the chelsea central defender , who missed saturday s win over estonia with a knee injury , returned to training on monday morning and was given the all clear to travel for a match which offers england the chance to seal their place in next year s finals ."
"provided he suffers no reaction , terry will return to the center of defence alongside rio ferdinand for wednesday s match on the plastic pitch at the luzhniki stadium ."
"john terry will continue to be monitored by the england medical staff and assessed for any reaction , said an england"
a win for england would ensure they qualify for the finals in austria and switzerland .
"paris , france cnn first interpol unmasked his face . now it knows his name ."
"the international police organization , working off tips from people who responded to a global appeal for help , said monday it has identified a suspected pedophile shown in internet photos abusing young boys ."
"the man , whose face initially was disguised behind a digitalized swirl , is now thought to be on the run in thailand , interpol said ."
he is said to be an english teacher at a school in south korea .
"while interpol declined to release the suspect s name , police in thailand said a year old canadian named christopher paul neil is the person sought ."
"we believe he is still in thailand and we are now collecting information from neighboring countries where he committed crimes of pedophilia so we can issue an arrest warrant for him , thai police col . apichart suribunya said ."
"police raided the headquarters of a religious sect in central japan on monday and arrested women for allegedly beating a member to death , an official said ."
"motoko okuno , , died last month at the kigenkai sect s headquarters in the city of komoro , allegedly after a mass beating , according to local news reports ."
"police arrested the women late monday on suspicion of injury leading to okuno s death , according to a komoro city police official ."
"the official refused to give his name , citing policy ."
"kigenkai , founded in , is based on japan s indigenous shinto religion ."
members sell purified water that they say can cure diseases for about a bottle .
"it has about members across japan , according to news reports ."
"among those arrested were a girl as young as and a woman as old as , according to the kyodo news agency ."
"some news reports suggested okuno , who owned a sushi restaurant , was killed as punishment for failing to carry out religious rites ."
residents living near the headquarters told public broadcaster nhk they often heard drums beating from the compound .
"cnn a man wanted in the videotaped sexual assault of a year old girl has been arrested , according to police in nevada ."
"chester arthur stiles , , was arrested following a routine traffic stop around p . m . p . m . et monday night , according to henderson police department spokesman keith paul ."
"stiles was driving a white buick century without a license plate , police said ."
"during the traffic stop , paul said , stiles first presented a california driver s license that didn t resemble him ."
he later admitted to being chester stiles .
"stiles has been turned over to las vegas metro police , who were seeking him in connection with a four year old videotape that shows a small girl being sexually assaulted ."
"the girl , who is now , was found last month with her family in las vegas after a nationwide search generated thousands of tips ."
"stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was also sought by the fbi in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of ."
"the tape of the girl s sexual assault was given to authorities by darren tuck , who told police he had found it in the desert five months earlier ."
"because of the delay , during which police said tuck allegedly showed the tape to others , he faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography ."
"he turned himself in to authorities in nye county , nevada , on september ."
"israel and palestinian negotiators are involved in the most serious effort in many , many years to try to end the mideast conflict , said u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday ."
"frankly , it s time for the establishment of a palestinian state and it s time for israel to live in the security that is going to come with a peaceful and democratic neighbor , rice said ."
"during a joint news conference with rice , abbas indicated his negotiators have already agreed on some issues with israel , but he did not specify which ones ."
"the palestinian and israeli delegations have started the work in order to prepare the document , said abbas . and certainly before we go to washington this document will be ready . watch rice on how she senses a seriousness in the talks raquo"
"moderate arab nations have not yet said they would attend the conference , according to the associated press . no date has been announced for the conference ."
"that agreement with israel must involve looking to improve the lives of palestinians economically , to improve the lives of the palestinians in terms of movement and access ."
"rice said the united states sees the establishment of a palestinian state and a two state solution as absolutely essential for the future , not just of palestinians and israelis but also for the middle east and indeed to american interests ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
"caracas , venezuela cnn the price of sin rose monday in venezuela where president hugo chavez is on a campaign to make venezuelans cut back on drinking and smoking ."
"everyone s shocked , said leonora marino , owner of bodegon marino in valencia , venezuela , west of caracas ."
"on monday evening , she was still changing the prices in her store as her customers looked on and complained , she told a reporter ."
alcohol is now percent more expensive
cigarettes are percent pricier .
"really , it s difficult to buy at these prices , she said , then joked , they say they re going to stop eating so that they can continue drinking ."
"the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes ."
"taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that don t come from cane sugar have been raised . , bolivares per liter , the government run bolivarian news agency said ."
"it s unfair because , in the end , the consumer is the one who pays , said fernando fernandez , a liquor exporter ."
chavez has described whisky as a drink for rich people
the moves represent the first steps toward transforming each venezuelan into what chavez calls the new man .
chavez has cited the life of revolutionary socialist icon ernesto che guevara as an example of how to lead a more pure life .
"in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report ."
"the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence ."
"for his part , he has said he drinks too much coffee ."
"taxes on cigarette imports have also increased , from percent to percent of the total price ."
"on the street , some people said they don t understand the motivations for the increase , but predicted their consumption would not change ."
"the venezuelan is not going to stop drinking or smoking , said one person ."
"chavez also plans to increase taxes on luxury items such as hummers , which are imported privately and at great expense . there is no hummer dealership in the country ."
"petroleum rich venezuela . last year , car sales increased by about percent , according to the cia world factbook ."
"but chavez , who was in cuba monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela s million people , percent of whom live in poverty ."
british entrepreneur sir richard branson said monday he had all but given up hope that explorer steve fossett would be found alive .
"speaking on nbc s today show , branson described his friend fossett as a remarkable individual who touched the lives of those he knew ."
"i think the chances are that he s no longer with us , branson said . i think everybody involved has pretty well given up hope , sadly ."
"branson said fossett s wife , peggy , had written to him to say she was returning to nevada for one final search but the likely fate of her husband was beginning to sink in ."
branson paid tribute to fossett s record breaking prowess .
he said fossett had set world records since the age of
"incredible individual , branson said ."
"fossett , who made millions as a commodities broker in chicago , also completed the , mile iditarod sled dog race , scaled some of the world s best known peaks , sailed and flew around the world , and set more than aviation and distance records ."
"the man believed to be responsible for last week s rocket attack on the u . s . army s camp victory was captured in an early morning raid monday , the u . s . military said ."
"in addition to the camp victory suspect , three other known associates of that man were captured in the iraq ministry of agriculture compound in eastern baghdad s rusifiya district ."
"the four were hiding , which prompted u . s . soldiers to enter the compound to detain them , the military said ."
"the attack on wednesday killed two u . s . soldiers and wounded at camp victory , which is near baghdad international airport ."
"two third country nationals were also wounded in the attack , but the military did not clarify their nationalities ."
"we have reason to believe that , through two intelligence driven operations over the last few days , we now have detained all of the leadership and the key operatives of the indirect fire cell that attacked victory base last week , said brig . gen . vincent brooks , multi national division baghdad s deputy commanding general ."
"on sunday , two local journalists and a washington post reporter were shot dead in an area between tikrit and kirkuk in northern iraq ."
tikrit police said two journalists working for a local newspaper were killed and three security guards were wounded in the ambush .
"the post , was shot and killed in the southwestern neighborhood of saidiya , the paper reported in its monday editions ."
"the death of salih saif aldin in the service of our readers is a tragedy for everyone at the washington post . he was a brave and valuable reporter who contributed much to our coverage of iraq , said leonard downie jr . , executive editor of the post , was quoted as saying ."
"sydney , australia cnn a kayaker fought off an foot great white shark with her paddle on monday after it knocked her off the craft at one of australia s most popular beaches ."
"linda whitehurst , , was paddling her sea kayak near the eastern resort town of byron bay , about miles north of sydney , when the shark lunged at her , knocking her into the water , the paddler and police said ."
it was one of two shark attacks in australia on monday .
"i m going to lose a limb , that was my first thought , whitehurst told australian television ."
i had my blade in my hands so i punched at it with my blade .
"that was the only way i was going to survive , she said , referring to the double ended paddle used on sea kayaks ."
"i just kept punching , punching , punching at the shark until it swam away , she said ."
"whitehurst made her way back to shore , where she received four stitches in her right arm for a small bite wound ."
"the local lifeguard association closed the byron bay beach , in new south wales state , for several hours until they located the shark and chased it out to sea using boats , a common practice in australia when sharks venture close to popular beaches ."
"earlier monday , a year old man was attacked by a bronze whaler shark while spear fishing near australia s great barrier reef in northeastern queensland state ."
"the man , who was not identified , was treated onboard his charter boat for a deep cut to his calf muscle before being airlifted by helicopter to a hospital in the northern city of cairns ."
"meet paris hilton , grown up ."
"there are a lot of bad people in l . a . before , my life was about having fun , going to parties it was a fantasy , she tells newsweek magazine in its october issue , now on newsstands ."
"but when i had time to reflect , i felt empty inside . i want to leave a mark on the world ."
hilton says she is now committed to using her celebrity status for the greater good .
there are a lot of misconceptions about me .
hilton says her dating life isn t as wild as the tabloids make it out to be .
i trust them more . they don t get all girly and mean . girls have drama .
"with its anonymous skyline and mind numbing traffic , seoul may not seem like a sci fi city ."
it s where hardcore online gamers get paid as professionals .
"it s where social networking , in the form of the incredibly successful cyworld , has been abuzz since predating both facebook and myspace ."
it s also where watching live television on your mobile is an everyday habit .
"dmb phones , as they re known , are so ."
"these days , consumers are getting ready for the launch of the blueye by sk telecom a matchbook sized projector that simply plugs into your handset to screen mobile videos ."
"they re also gearing up for the lg viewty , a high feature camera phone that shoots videos at frames per second and , in certain markets , uploads the video to youtube with a single click ."
"this is the land where tomorrow reigns , as local consumers are all too willing to flaunt the next new thing ."
"sanjin lee , director of the ministry of information and communication read"
"south korea s i . t . czar , tells me that koreans are simply impatient and have i . t . dna ."
this gotta have it technolust has in turn forced the government to deliver the future .
"the country boasts more than million mobile subscribers out of a population of around million , and more than three quarters of korean homes enjoy blazingly fast broadband ."
"london , england cnn some english people have resorted to pulling out their own teeth because they cannot find or cannot afford a dentist , a major study has revealed ."
"six percent of those questioned in a survey of , patients admitted they had resorted to self treatment using pliers and glue , the uk s press association reported ."
england has a two tier dental care system with some dentists offering publicly subsidized treatment through the national health service and others performing more expensive private work .
but more than three quarters of those polled said they had been forced to pay for private treatment because they had been unable to find an nhs dentist . almost a fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost .
"one respondent in lancashire , northern england , claimed to have extracted of their own teeth with a pair of pliers ."
others said they had fixed broken crowns using glue to avoid costly dental work .
"valerie halsworth , , told british television s gmtv she had removed seven of her own teeth using her husband s pliers when her toothache became unbearable and she was unable to find an nhs dentist willing to treat her ."
halsworth admitted that the first extraction had been excruciatingly painful .
"sharon grant , chair of the commission for patient and public involvement in health , which commissioned the survey , said these findings indicate that the nhs dental system is letting many patients down very badly ."
"where nhs dental services are available , people are happy with the quality of treatment provided but many find the nhs fee system confusing and expensive , with some patients taking out loans to pay for treatment or more worryingly taking matters into their own hands ."
"paris , france cnn a suspected pedophile sought in a worldwide interpol manhunt has been identified and is believed to be in thailand , the international police organization said monday ."
"the man was allegedly shown sexually abusing young vietnamese and cambodian boys , apparently ranging in age from six to early teens , in about photographs posted on the internet . the man s face was disguised in the photos as a digitalized whirl ."
"using techniques that neither they nor interpol would discuss , german police recreated an image of the man s face and released four reconstructed photos of him last week ."
"interpol said more than people then supplied tips to authorities worldwide , leading them to identify the man as an english teacher who worked at a school in south korea ."
"interpol said it now knows the suspect s name , nationality , date of birth and passport number , but it did not release that information in its statement ."
interpol again appealed for public help to track him down now .
"thailand is at the center of an international manhunt , and authorities in the country , in co operation with interpol and police around the world , are hunting him down , interpol s secretary general , ronald k . noble , said in a statement ."
"london , england cnn two planes were involved monday night in a minor collision at heathrow airport , an official with the london fire brigade told cnn ."
"there were no injuries , he added ."
a spokesman for british airways told the uk s press association one of their planes was involved .
"our aircraft had a minor collision with another aircraft in the taxiways . engineers are inspecting the aircraft to ascertain the damage . the passengers have been offloaded and returned to the terminal building , he told pa ."
"kuala lumpur , malaysia cnn a palestinian man managed to stow away in a wheel well of an airplane flying from kuala lumpur to singapore , prompting malaysian officials to order a probe into how he breached security , reports said sunday ."
"osama r . m . shublaq stunned the ground crew at changi airport when he fell out from the wheel well of the singapore airlines aircraft , a boeing , shortly after it landed late thursday , the star , a malaysian daily , reported in its online edition ."
"it said shublaq was dizzy from a lack of oxygen after the minute flight , but was otherwise unhurt ."
shublaq was detained by singaporean police and charged with entering the island illegally .
malaysian transport minister chan kong choy expressed dismay at the breach of security at malaysia s main airport .
"such an incident should not occur , as the airport area has tight security ."
"the government has ordered an investigation , malaysian national news agency bernama said ."
"yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s ruling junta restored internet access but kept foreign news sites blocked , partially easing its crackdown as a u . n . envoy arrived in thailand on sunday to rally neighboring governments around demands for democratic reforms in the country ."
"the junta cut internet access on september , two days after troops opened fire on peaceful protesters and images of the crackdown were plastered on web sites ."
internet service was intermittently restored earlier this month .
"foreign news web sites , including the bbc and cnn , however , remained inaccessible along with blogs and overseas hosted dissident sites , which had provided many inside tightly controlled myanmar with their only information about the pro democracy protests ."
"earlier this month gambari met with myanmar junta leader gen . than shwe during a four day visit , urging the government to end its crackdown on protesters ."
he also met twice with detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
his negotiating efforts have not yet resulted in a dialogue between the government and opposition .
myanmar s government has said than shwe is willing to meet with suu kyi personally if she gives up her confrontational attitude and renounces support for sanctions against the military regime .
authorities in the country relaxed a nighttime curfew to cover four hours from p . m . to a . m starting saturday night .
it was initially p . m . to a . m .
"the concessions , however , came amid reports that the government continued to detain dissidents ."
elena dementieva shrugged off the loss of the opening set to outplay serena williams to claim the kremlin cup title in moscow for the first time on sunday .
fourth seed williams looked in control as she took the opening set but only won two further games as dementieva swept to a victory .
"dementieva , who was unseeded , was winning her second title of and will move back into the world top ."
williams looked set to
"a total of unforced errors for world ranked number seven williams told the story as dementieva pocketed the winning purse of , ."
"thailand s beloved and influential king was hospitalized saturday after feeling weakness on the right side of his body , the royal palace said ."
"his condition improved after doctors administered medicine for eight hours , the statement said . he was kept in the hospital for monitoring ."
"bhumibol , the world s longest serving living monarch , is a unifying figure in thailand ."
"people usually turn to him in times of crisis , even though strictly speaking his powers are limited as a constitutional monarch ."
"because of the almost universal respect he commands , politicians and civil servants also follow closely any hints of the palace s desires when it comes to policy decisions ."
"concern over bhumibol s health and a potential successor has intensified in recent years as the king has suffered a number of medical ailments , including heart problems ."
"he underwent spinal surgery in july after suffering years of back pain from lumbar spinal stenosis , a narrowing of the spinal canal that can result from aging ."
he also sustained injuries including a fractured rib in june when he fell during a walk outside the palace .
bhumibol celebrated his th year on the throne with lavish festivities last year .
"a provincial intelligence official in iraq s kurdish city of dohuk said the shelling set orchards and farmland ablaze , but no casualties were reported ."
firefighters worked until just before daybreak to put out a blaze that scorched fields on farms near the border .
"turkey s military reported saturday that kurdish separatist guerrillas attacked villages on its side of the border late friday , wounding one soldier near the village of yemisli ."
"the turkish military responded to these unacceptable attacks and will continue to respond , a military statement said ."
"the most recent shelling began at p . m . saturday and lasted for more than four hours , striking farmlands and adjacent roads used by villagers ."
"the shelling comes as turkey s government is threatening to mount a cross border attack to root out guerrillas from the separatist kurdistan worker s party , or pkk , which has battled turkish troops in the country s heavily kurdish southeast since ."
"turkey has about , on iraq s northern frontier , and prime minister recep tayyip erdogan says he will ask parliament this week to authorize a military incursion a move u . s . officials fear could undermine the stability of iraq s american backed government ."
u . s . envoys have urged iraq to crack down on the rebels and held weekend talks in ankara to persuade nato ally turkey to stay its hand .
"iraqi defense ministry spokesman mohammed al askari could not confirm sunday s reports , but restated that iraq s official position is to resolve all issues with neighboring countries including turkey diplomatically , based on iraq s constitution and law ."
"defense minister abdel qader mohammed jassim has been involved in diplomatic talks with the turkish ambassador in baghdad and has called for resolving these issues peacefully and strengthening ties between iraq and turkey , al askari said ."
"bangkok , thailand cnn six western tourists and two thai guides died after flash floods swept them away while they were exploring a cave at a southern thai national park , police said sunday . at least one tourist survived ."
"the group was trekking through the khao sok national park in surathani province late saturday afternoon when a heavy rainfall caused flash floods that sent water surging through the cave , which was near a waterfall , pichan said ."
"the tourists who died were three swiss women , one swiss man , a british man and a year old german boy , police lt . col . pichan kanayasiri said ."
"a british woman , who managed to cling to a part of the cave , was found alive after a long search , pichan said ."
"carroll was shown , in tears , leaving the national park by boat with her rescuers ."
"it was not immediately clear how large the cave was , but pichan said a belgian tourist was killed by a flash flood there several years ago ."
"the tourists were inside the cave and didn t know what was happening outside , pichan said . they were trapped inside the cave ."
"the province s governor , winai phopradit , said he had ordered the national park to close during the current rainy season ."
"we have signs both in english and thai warning tourists not to go into the cave during heavy rains , he said ."
a vatican official suspended after being caught on hidden camera making advances to a young man said in an interview published sunday that he is not gay and was only pretending to be gay as part of his work .
"in an interview with la repubblica newspaper , monsignor tommaso stenico said he frequented online gay chat rooms and met with gay men as part of his work as a psychoanalyst ."
he said that he pretended to be gay in order to gather information about those who damage the image of the church with homosexual activity .
vatican teaching holds that homosexual activity is a sin .
"i was a victim of my own attempts to contribute to cleaning up the church with my psychoanalyst work , la repubblica quoted stenico as saying ."
vatican spokesman the rev . federico lombardi said saturday that the monsignor had been suspended pending a vatican investigation .
"the vatican acted after officials recognized stenico s office in the background of a television program on gay priests that was broadcast on oct . on la , a private italian tv network ."
"fidel castro called in to the venezuelan president during a television and radio broadcast on sunday , the first time the ailing cuban leader has made a live media appearance since february ."
the telephone call came minutes after visiting venezuelan president hugo chavez aired a new videotape of their weekend meeting in which he sang revolutionary hymns to castro and called him father of all revolutionaries .
castro said he was moved by chavez s singing and went on to praise ernesto che guevara as a sower of the conscience .
"i am very touched when you sing about che , castro told chavez during his call to chavez s alo , presidente ! program referring to revolutionary icon ernesto che guevara , to whom the program was dedicated ."
"there is electricity in the air , chavez said , obviously pleased with castro s call ."
"the dark colored painting showed the bars of his cell and a night scene beyond , with a full red moon and a guard tower in the distance . castro told him he needed to sign his work . no one knows the merit that this has , that you did this ."
"cuban state television was broadcasting chavez s program live from santa clara , where the communist government last week commemorated the th anniversary of guevara s death ."
"beijing , china cnn the elite of china s communist party opened their five yearly congress on monday where they will put forth a blueprint for reforming political institutions , but the steps aim to strengthen one party rule and will not copy western democratic models , a spokesman said sunday ."
"the congress , held once every five years , is a crucial test of strength for president and party leader hu jintao ."
he is set to open it monday with a speech laying out the policy agenda for what is expected to be his final five years in power .
"previewing the gathering s agenda , congress spokesman li dongsheng said reforms were geared toward improving socialist democracy a catch phrase for one party rule ."
"our objective is to build institutions , define regulation and put in place procedures for our democracy , li told reporters at a news conference at the great hall of the people in beijing , where the party s th congress will be held ."
"li said the party has studied and drawn from other country s political systems , along with its own experiences . but , we will never copy the western model of a political system , he added ."
"li gave few specifics and declined to answer questions about expected retirements and promotions in the party s ruling politburo , highlighting the secretive party s extreme sensitivity over personnel issues ."
"he was referring to communist party control over individual leaders , not an attempt to limit the party s unrivaled hold on power ."
"li did not elaborate , but the congress is expected to address the case of former politburo member and shanghai party boss chen liangyu , who became the highest ranking party member to fall in a decade when he was toppled amid a probe into wide ranging corruption ."
"the weeklong congress will offer a measure of hu s authority after five years in power , especially his ability to maneuver allies possibly including a designated successor into key positions ."
"insurgents in iraq targeted shiite muslims on sunday the second day of the eid al fitr festival in separate attacks that left at least dead , iraqi officials said ."
"the deadliest attack happened in samarra , north of baghdad , where a car bomb detonated near a mosque in the city s center ."
"the explosion was followed by clashes between gunmen and iraqi security forces , according to samarra police ."
"at least were killed civilians and eight security officers and were wounded in the blast and gunfight in samarra , police said ."
"insurgents on sunday also bombed a minibus in baghdad as it carried pilgrims to one of shiite islam s holiest shrines , killing at least six and wounding nine others including women and children iraqi officials said ."
it was unclear where the bomb was placed .
an iraqi interior ministry official said the device was planted on the bus heading to the imam musa al kadhim shrine in baghdad s kadhimiya district .
but the ministry of defense said the explosion came from a bomb in a car parked near the bus .
iraqi police also found and defused an explosive device in a van parked near an air base in central baghdad .
"the deadly bombing in samarra was the second this weekend in the shiite holy city , about miles kilometers north of baghdad in salaheddin province ."
"istanbul , turkey cnn turkey s top general warned that ties with the u . s . , already strained by attacks from rebels hiding in iraq , will be irreversibly damaged if congress passes a resolution that labels the world war i era killings of armenians a genocide ."
"turkey , which is a major cargo hub for u . s . and allied military forces in iraq and afghanistan , has recalled its ambassador to washington for consultations and warned that there might be a cut in the logistical support to the u . s . over the issue ."
"if this resolution that passed in the committee passes the house as well , our military ties with the u . s . will never be the same again , gen . yasar buyukanit told the daily milliyet newspaper ."
"despite the general s strong words , it is not clear how far turkey will go to express its dismay to washington ."
turkey suspended its military ties with france last year after the french parliament s lower house adopted a bill that would have made it a crime to deny that the armenian killings constituted a genocide .
but there is more at stake for nato s only muslim member when it comes to its relations with the u . s .
"the turkish military , and especially the air force , is heavily dependent on the american defense industry , experts say ."
"still , when washington imposed an arms embargo against turkey in due to a dispute over cyprus , turkey ended all its logistical support to u . s . troops and sharing of intelligence until the embargo was lifted , said onur oymen , the country s former permanent representative to nato ."
"president bush has said the resolution is the wrong response to the armenian deaths , but house speaker nancy pelosi said the measure s timing was important because many of the survivors are very old ."
"in an interview broadcast sunday with abc s this week , pelosi noted that the resolution would make the u . s . the th country to label the killings a genocide ."
"listen , there s no question that the suffering of the armenian people some years ago was extreme ."
"in addition , cargo planes fly supplies to u . s . soldiers in remote areas of iraq from incirlik , avoiding the use of iraqi roads vulnerable to bomb attacks . u . s . officials say the arrangement helps reduce american casualties ."
"many international historians contend the deaths amounted to genocide , but turkey says the mass killings and deportations were not systematic and that many non kurds also died in the chaos of war ."
"u . s . officials have urged turkey not to send troops and appealed for a diplomatic solution with iraq . the kurdish region in northern iraq is one of the country s few relatively stable areas , and the kurds here are also a longtime u . s . ally ."
"speaking to the associated press deep in the qandil mountains straddling the iraq turkish border , some miles from the northern iraqi kurdish city of sulaimaniyah , murat karayilan , head of the armed wing of the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , warned that an eventual turkish incursion would make turkey experience a vietnam war ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice opened an intense round of mideast shuttle diplomacy sunday , struggling to bring israelis and palestinians close enough to make a planned u . s . hosted peace conference worthwhile ."
she said intends to return at least once to the mideast before the conference . rice said she wanted to help them narrow differences that they may have about what the nature of this document has to be .
i also think it s important that the document be substantive enough that it points that there is a way forward toward the establishment of a palestinian state .
"russian president vladimir putin has been told about a plot to assassinate him during a visit to iran this week , a kremlin spokeswoman said sunday ."
"the spokeswoman , who spoke on customary condition of anonymity , refused further comment ."
"a spokesman for iran s foreign ministry , mohammad ali hosseini , denied any such plot had been uncovered , characterizing the news as disinformation spread by iran s adversaries ."
night from germany after meetings with chancellor angela merkel .
"during his visit to iran , putin is to meet with president mahmoud ahmadinejad and attend tuesday s summit of caspian sea nations ."
he will be the first kremlin leader to travel to iran since josef stalin attended a wartime summit with britain s winston churchill and president franklin roosevelt .
officials have reported uncovering at least two other plots to kill putin on foreign trips since he became president in .
"new delhi , india cnn a bomb ripped through a packed movie theater in northern india on sunday , killing at least six people and wounding at least others , authorities said ."
"the blast in ludhiana , an industrial town in india s punjab state , is the second apparent terror attack this week in northern india ."
two people were killed days earlier in the bombing of a venerated muslim shrine in the neighboring state of rajasthan .
"sunday s attack occurred on one of the holiest days of the muslim calendar , eid al fitr , which marks the end of the holy month of ramadan , and came weeks before two major hindu festivals , dussehra and diwali ."
the shringar cinema was packed when the blast occurred around p . m . in one of its three theaters .
"some people were taking in a recently released bollywood romance , janan janam ke saath , or together through several lifetimes , the press trust of india news agency reported ."
"india television broadcast scenes of shattered windows and glass doors in the cinema s lobby , and the cnn ibn television news channel said some of the wounded had lost limbs in the blast ."
"a senior police official , ishwar singh , told reporters that the explosion was caused by a single bomb ."
"six men were killed two who died in the blast and four who later succumbed to their injuries , he said ."
"at least others were wounded , he said ."
other officials warned that the death toll could rise .
"authorities said thursday s explosion , which took place in the town of ajmer , was caused by a small bomb packed inside a tin lunch box that was detonated during evening muslim prayers ."
police also discovered another bomb at the shrine that had apparently failed to detonate .
"but investigators said they interrogated indian and bangladeshi pilgrims in connection with the bombing of the muslim shrine , although they have so far made no arrests ."
officials offered no evidence of a link between the two attacks .
"india has routinely blamed pakistani and bangladeshi based islamic militants for a series of attacks that have rocked the country over the last two years , saying they were meant to provoke violence between india s hindu majority and muslim minority ."
"relations between hindus , who make up more than percent of india s population , and muslims , who account for about million of india s . billion people , have been relatively peaceful since the bloody partition of the subcontinent into india and muslim pakistan at independence from britain in . but there have been sporadic bouts of violence ."
"cnn u . s . military planners quietly have stepped up a review of alternatives in case the turkish government restricts u . s . access to turkish airspace or cuts off access to the air base at incirlik , turkey , cnn has learned ."
turkey has threatened such action after congressional moves to declare that the killing of armenians by ottoman turks in world war i was genocide .
"turkey now a nato member and a key u . s . ally in the war on terror accepts armenians were killed but calls it a massacre during a chaotic time , not an organized campaign of genocide ."
"the recent rise in tensions between turkey and the united states has led the military to increase its planning for alternatives , two military officials with direct knowledge of the ongoing assessment said ."
"events have triggered more detailed planning for the curtailment or closure of access to turkey , one official said ."
the u . s . military already had been considering alternatives to turkey because of the growing dependence on that country after the cutback of u . s . forces in central asia in recent years .
"but now , with more detailed planning under way , the military is considering a variety of options in hopes of being ready for whatever , if anything , the turks do ."
"u . s . officials say turkey s options range from a complete cutoff , including ending overland access routes from southern turkey into iraq , to less drastic options that simply restrict u . s . access ."
"the initial assessment is that any cutoff from current access to turkey would force the u . s . military into longer cargo flights ,"
which would mean extra costs for fuel and for wear and tear on equipment .
"it may also look for other air hubs in jordan or kuwait , officials say"
"defense secretary robert gates earlier this week pointed out , seventy percent of the air cargo , american air cargo , going into iraq goes through turkey . seventy percent of the fuel that goes in for our forces goes in . . . through turkey . . ."
"for those who are concerned that we get as many of these mine resistant ambush protected heavy vehicles into iraq as possible , percent of those vehicles today are being flown into iraq through turkey ."
turkey on thursday recalled its ambassador to the united states and warned of repercussions in the growing dispute .
"san juan , puerto rico cnn animal control workers seized dozens of dogs and cats from housing projects in the town of barceloneta and hurled them from a bridge to their deaths , authorities and witnesses said friday ."
he said the city paid for every animal recovered and another for each trip to a shelter in the san juan suburb of carolina .
"they came as if it were a drug raid , said alma febus , an animal welfare activist . they took away dogs , cats and whatever animal they could find . some pets were taken away in front of children ."
"some of the animals managed to climb to the highway even though they were all battered , but about animals remained there , dead ."
"rivera said he alerted officials , who spread lime over the animals corpses to control the stench ."
"animal shelters are overwhelmed and must kill many of the dogs they receive , according to victor collazo , president of the island s association of medical veterinarians ."
"london , england cnn nurses who didn t wash their hands and left patients lying in soiled beds were cited in an official report blaming mismanagement for the deaths of people who contracted a bacterial infection in hospitals in southern england ."
"significant failings at all levels contributed to infections of more than , patients at three hospitals , the healthcare commission said thursday ."
"the patients were infected with clostridium difficile , or c . diff , which can cause diarrhea , colitis and other intestinal problems , officials said ."
"the healthcare commission has passed the copy of the report to us and that is being reviewed , said a spokesman for kent police , speaking on condition of anonymity in line with force policy ."
the spread of the highly contagious bacterium said nurses at three hospitals run by the maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust were often too busy to wash their hands and left patients in their own excrement .
maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust acknowledged that it had not been prepared for an outbreak of that size and complexity but had learned from the mistakes .
the trust s chief executive rose gibb resigned last week .
"health minister ann keen said the failures , which led to the deaths of patients over a year period , must not be repeated ."
"trusts must deliver clean , safe treatment to every patient , every time and where senior management and trust boards fail to act ,"
"they must be held accountable , keen said ."
"the trust has also introduced extra cleaners and nurses on affected wards and asked family doctors not to send patients with diarrhea to hospital , measures that will continue until the outbreak ends ."
"in recent years , britain s superbug infection rates of bacteria like clostridium difficile and mrsa have skyrocketed ."
"in the s , only five percent of in hospital blood infections were from mrsa , the deadly bacteria resistant to nearly every available antibiotic ."
"in past years , that figure has jumped to more than percent ."
critics blame the rise on overstretched hospitals that do not have enough money or capacity to catch superbug infections early .
"sydney , australia cnn yes , the trip is long , very long ."
that s the short answer to the first question people ask when you say you ve been to australia .
it s about hours from los angeles to brisbane .
"for me , a few steps up and down the aisle , a few catnaps , a couple of movies ."
"i stretched my legs under the seat now and then , trying not to bother the guy in front ."
bloody right !
seeing little blue penguins muster at nightfall at the southern ocean s edge for their ritual march to their nests .
my wife and i had left a maine winter behind to complete a long unfinished mission .
we decided now it was time to go .
we worked in a stay in new zealand in a package arranged by our travel agent .
"like other aussie cities , sydney is walker friendly , with tons of shops and closed street malls ."
navigating the excellent public transit system is easy
for a beer a popular local brand is victoria bitter count on spending at least . . opera house tours run about .
"at the beach , february s late summer water was in the s , so the swimming was fine ."
but an early morning stroll along cairns seaside promenade and park is a must .
"if cairns is where australians play , melbourne is where they work ."
"melbourne is a city of tram cars , one of which offers free rides around a perimeter downtown with stops at sites such as fitzroy gardens , where capt . cook s cottage has been relocated ."
"the waterfront along the yarra river is lined with restaurants and shops and , for those so inclined , the grand crown casino ."
"if you re flying from australia to new zealand less than three hours and you don t have a window seat , try to swap for one . beg if you must ."
i lucked out . the clear day offered breathtaking views of the snow capped mountains of the lord of the rings land below as we flew toward christchurch on the south island .
"you can glide along the river in a flat bottomed gondola guided by young men outfitted in straw boaters who propel the craft along with long poles , venice style ."
"i chose to leap with clothes on , from a platform , feet above the city and gleaming lake wakapitu . their advice as i peered to the ledge below"
"if you ve gone this far , book a ride to milford sound , the glacier carved fjord about five hours from queenstown ."
"mexico city , mexico cnn an aspiring horror novelist was arrested after police discovered his girlfriend s torso in his closet , a leg in the refrigerator and bones in a cereal box , the city prosecutor s spokesman said thursday ."
"nearby they found the draft of a novel titled cannibalistic instincts , said the official , who spoke on customary condition of anonymity ."
"that body parts were spread throughout the apartment , and that calva is being investigated in the deaths of three women whose mutilated bodies had been found in and around the capital ."
"police had come to calva s apartment monday to investigate the disappearance of his girlfriend , alejandra galeana , a year old pharmacy clerk and single mother , according to the prosecutor s office ."
calva also is being investigated in the mutilation killings of
vatican city cnn pope benedict xvi appealed thursday to south koreans inherent moral sensibility to reject embryonic stem cell research and human cloning after the country decided to let embryonic stem cell research resume .
"benedict also praised south korea s efforts to halt north korea s nuclear ambitions in comments to seoul s new ambassador to the vatican , ji young francesco kim , who presented his credentials to the pontiff ."
"it is my ardent hope that the ongoing participation of various countries involved in the negotiation process will lead to a cessation of programs designed to develop and produce weapons with frightening potential for unspeakable destruction , benedict said ."
"separately , the pope noted south korea s notable successes in scientific research and development . but he said such research must be carried out with firm ethical standards that always respect the dignity of human life ."
"the destruction of human embryos , whether to acquire stem cells or for any other purpose , contradicts the purported intent of researchers , legislators and public health officials to promote human welfare , the pope said ."
"i pray that the inherent moral sensibility of the korean people , as evidenced by their rejection of human cloning and related procedures , will help attune the international community to the deep ethical and social implications of scientific research and its utilization , the pontiff said ."
"yangon , myanmar cnn guards at myanmar s detention centers beat , kicked and slashed protesters rounded up during the crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations , sometimes leaving their victims to die of their injuries , a dissident group said thursday ."
"at the united nations , meanwhile , the security council said it strongly deplores the violent crackdown by myanmar s military rulers and called for a genuine dialogue between the government and the pro democracy opposition ."
"at least a dozen freed prisoners described brutal treatment at detention centers , including one who said dozens of detainees were killed , according to the democratic voice of burma , a norway based short wave radio station and web site run by dissident journalists ."
"myanmar s repressive military junta has said people were killed and nearly , arrested in last month s demonstrations , with later released ."
"diplomats and dissidents say the death toll is likely much higher and up to , people were seized ."
the government has long rejected allegations of torture of political prisoners .
"they beat everyone , including women and girls , the dissident group quoted an unidentified female detainee as saying ."
"i heard people shouting and crying from the interrogation room and then i saw an army medical surgeon carrying people away , said the woman ."
the group said she was held at the government technical institute detention center in yangon for five days .
"the democratic voice of burma also reported thursday that a year old detainee , u than aung , died at a detention center in yangon . detained september , he suffered severe internal injuries from beatings and died three days later after being denied medical attention , the group said ."
the group also released video of an unidentified man who said dozens of detainees died .
another man was quoted as saying he saw two people die from severe beatings at yangon city hall .
"authorities failed to give a boy medical treatment for a gunshot wound and even refused to let him drink water from a toilet before he died , the man was quoted as saying ."
human rights groups have long accused the military government of abuse and torture of prisoners .
"the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners , comprised of around former inmates , has put out a report describing homosexual rape , electric shocks to the genitals and other abuse ."
the embattled junta on thursday accused western powers and foreign media of inciting the protests .
a compromise statement approved thursday by all u . n . security council members including close myanmar ally china emphasized the importance of the early release of all political prisoners and remaining detainees .
"the united states , britain and france proposed a stronger text that would have condemned the violence and called for the immediate release of the political prisoners and detainees ."
"the council statement was read at a formal meeting shortly after the u . n . announced that secretary general ban ki moon was sending his special envoy to myanmar , ibrahim gambari , back to the region next week for consultations with key governments on international efforts to promote talks between the government and the opposition ."
"the united states and other countries have pushed for international sanctions , but china said that only a more conciliatory approach would work ."
"the international community should help in a constructive way to help myanmar to realize stability , reconciliation , democracy and development ."
"authorities , meanwhile , continued their hunt for dissidents and their supporters ."
"a popular myanmar actor and social activist , kyaw thu , and his wife , myint myint pe khin , were arrested wednesday , relatives said thursday ."
"kyaw thu had openly supported the protest and set up a support committee offering food , water and medical treatment to the monks who participated ."
"kyaw thu went into hiding when his colleague , zarganar , a comedian known for his anti government jibes , was arrested september ."
it was not known what happened to them .
"london , england cnn jurors at the inquest into the death of princess diana thursday were shown pictures of her at the scene of a fatal car crash years ago photos a lawyer said made clear the paparazzi had no compunction about photographing the victims ."
"the images were pixilated to obscure diana s face , and lord justice scott baker , who is acting as coroner , said none of the images would be released to the public ."
"the inquest is examining the deaths of diana and her companion dodi fayed in paris , where the couple had been pursued by paparazzi ."
"photographers were among the first to reach the scene of the crash , witnesses have testified ."
"it is perfectly clear from the photographs the jury has been through that the paparazzi who were present at the scene of the crash had no compunction about taking photographs of the victims both inside the car and being carried outside the car , said michael mansfield , a lawyer representing fayed s father , mohamed al fayed ."
"one of the photos seen by the jury , taken shortly after midnight on august , , showed diana , identifiable by her blonde hair , on the floor of the back seat of the crumpled mercedes ."
another showed photographer romuald rat squatting next to the open door of the car .
"the inquest required by british law when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown causes had been delayed for years because of the two exhaustive investigations by french and british police ."
"both concluded that the couple s driver henri paul was drunk , was driving too fast and that the deaths were an accident ."
paul also died .
"fayed s father contends that the couple were the targets of a plot orchestrated by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
"responding to a question from mansfield , inspector paul carpenter of the metropolitan police said he had found no images of the mercedes movements after it left the ritz hotel until it had crashed in the tunnel ."
"earlier , a witness testifying by videolink from paris recalled seeing motorcycles chasing a mercedes at high speed on the night diana died ."
"thierry hackett , who was driving along the route taken by diana and fayed after they left the ritz hotel , also said he saw the mercedes swerving because , he thought , it was being hindered by the motorbikes ."
"lawyers for the inquest also read statements by people who thought they heard squealing tires and a crash behind them in the pont d alma tunnel , where the couple s car slammed into a pillar , but could not see what happened ."
"hackett gave two statements to french authorities soon after the princess death , but on thursday he said several times that his memory of the night was now vague ."
"for instance , he told the inquest that he thought the car that passed him was a large , light colored german car but he did not know the make . in his statements in , he had said it was a black mercedes ."
hackett said he saw at least two or three motorcycles chasing the german car he had said four or five in the earlier statements with one pacing the car on the right side .
"he said that a motorcycle , carrying two people , passed him at the same time as the german car ."
"it was very close . i was a bit scared , they were really close , he said ."
"in a statement , hackett said the big car was swerving clearly the driver of the vehicle was being hindered by the motorbikes ."
"on wednesday , antonio lopes borges and ana simao told of seeing a black mercedes race away from a traffic light , pursued by other vehicles , and of seeing the same mercedes minutes later , crumpled by a collision with a pillar in the tunnel ."
"the couple , who have a four year old daughter , beatrice milly , arrived in separate vehicles at the back of the royal courts of justice in central london ."
"they left in separate vehicles seven hours later without saying anything , the associated press reports ."
it s not known if they reached an agreement .
"around two dozen reporters and cameramen had assembled around the rear gates of the family section of the building , an expression of the intense media interest the case has generated , as the couple went inside for the first hearing"
"mills , , was shielded from photographers by a man holding a large black cloth as she entered the building ."
"mccartney , , arrived at court dressed in a dark gray suit , waving to the crowd from his car ."
"once inside , the pair made their way to a private court room to work out details of a settlement expected to cost mccartney in excess of million in total payouts , according to some legal experts ."
"the couple , who first met at a charity event , insisted at the time the split was amicable despite widespread reports of a tempestuous relationship between the former beatle and mills , an ex model ."
"the final settlement is likely to be a single lump sum followed by annual payments to mills until the couple s daughter reaches years old , and could include a privacy clause barring either party from speaking publicly about the split ."
"estimated at over million , the divorce settlement would be the highest in british legal history but would still fall short of other celebrity divorces ."
"the singer neil diamond lost half his fortune an estimated million when he separated from his wife of years , marcia murphy , in , citing irreconcilable differences ."
diamond later said his ex wife was worth every penny .
steven spielberg paid amy irving million after she successfully contested their prenuptial agreement following nearly four years of marriage .
"istanbul , turkey cnn an egyptian plane carrying people to warsaw caught fire thursday after making an emergency landing at istanbul s international airport , local media reported ."
it said the aircraft carried passengers and seven crew .
"the plane was forced to land in istanbul due to a technical problem , but its landing gear failed to work properly , dogan said ."
"the aircraft landed on its main body , starting a fire , the agency said ."
it was not clear if anyone was injured .
the name of the airline was not immediately known .
"cnn at least three people have been killed and more injured following an explosion at a revered islamic shrine in the northern indian state of rajasthan , cnn sister station cnn ibn reported on thursday ."
"the blast occurred outside dargah sharif , a sufi monument in the state s pilgrimage town of ajmer , during iftar , the daily breaking of fast following ramadan ."
"at least people were gathered inside , cnn ibn reported ."
"journalist virendra arya , who was inside the shrine at the time of the blast , told cnn ibn that one person died at the scene and another succumbed to fatal injuries en route to hospital ."
they also cited similarities to a bomb blast at a hyderabad mosque in may which killed people .
rajasthan police chief kanhiya lal said markets surrounding the area had been closed and law and order has been restored .
"we will see to it that everything is back to normal by tomorrow and that people can return to pray , he said ."
"cnn the makers of several leading over the counter cold medications are voluntarily withdrawing products sold for infants , the consumer healthcare products association said thursday ."
the trade group said the products were being withdrawn out of an abundance of caution and insisted the products are safe when used as directed .
"the reason the makers of over the counter , oral cough and cold medicines for infants are voluntarily withdrawing these medicines is that there have been rare patterns of misuse leading to overdose recently identified , particularly in infants , and safety is our top priority , linda a . suydam , the association s president , said in a statement ."
it s important to point out that these medicines are safe and effective
"when used as directed , and most parents are using them appropriately , she said ."
"cvs stores planned to stop selling the withdrawn products and store brand equivalents , it said ."
refunds are being offered if customers return the products .
"last month , federal health officials recommended that the consult your physician advice to parents on the labels of cold and cough medicines aimed at young children be dropped and a warning not to use the medications in children under be added ."
the u . s . food and drug administration will officially consider revising the labels at a meeting next week .
"after reviewing reports of side effects over the last four decades , the fda found child fatalities from over the counter decongestant medicines ."
"the agency found reports of children s deaths connected with antihistamines , which are used to treat runny noses ."
consumer healthcare products association is a trade group representing u . s . manufacturers and distributors of over the counter medications and nutritional supplements .
the withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages and older .
the association said it would back any fda move to change the advice on oral children s cough medicine .
washington cnn top bush administration officials are shifting into damage control mode after a house committee narrowly approved a resolution that labels the killings of armenians in turkey during world war i as genocide .
"the house foreign affairs committee passed the measure wednesday evening , even though president bush and key figures lobbied hard against it ."
"the web site of turkish president abdullah gul carried a statement calling the decision unacceptable , saying it doesn t fit a major power like the united states ."
"state department spokesman sean mccormack issued a statement expressing regret for the committee s action , warning the resolution may do grave harm to u . s . turkish relations and to u . s . interests in europe and the middle east ."
"the nonbinding house resolution says the deportation of nearly million armenians from the ottoman empire between and , resulting in the deaths of . million of them , amounted to genocide ."
"turks strongly reject the genocide label , insisting there was no organized campaign against the armenians and that many turks also died in the chaos and violence of the period ."
"turkish officials had warned approval of the resolution could jeopardize u . s . relations with their country , a nato member that has been a key u . s . ally in the middle east and a conduit for sending supplies into iraq ."
"police in japan arrested a man who ran an internet suicide site for allegedly killing a woman who paid him to do so , an official said thursday ."
"kazunari saito , a year old electrician , was arrested wednesday for allegedly giving sayaka nishizawa , , sleeping pills and suffocating her in april , a police official in kanagawa said , speaking on condition of anonymity , citing policy ."
"nishizawa s father found her body on april in her apartment in kanagawa , just south of tokyo ."
"police had been investigating the case after a note suggesting suicide was found , but her cell phone and keys were missing , kyodo news agency reported ."
"saito set up his site last year to give tips on how to commit suicide , the agency said ."
it was not clear why the woman needed help to kill herself .
"tokyo , japan cnn with steely arms sprouting cables and wires , the wao robot looks nothing like a relaxation device ."
but researchers at tokyo s waseda university hope the contraption will soon be deployed to hospitals and spas across japan to give therapeutic facial massages .
"the wao robot , which stands for waseda asahi oral rehabilitation robot , is being developed initially for patients with jaw related medical problems who require facial massages as part of their treatment , according to project leader atsuo takanishi ."
"the robot s arms are fitted with ceramic spheres the size of golf balls , and the spheres roll over the skin . the arms movements are controlled by a complex set of algorithms designed to emulate massages , while six sensors at the base of the arms measure and adjust the pressure applied by the spheres , takanishi said ."
"the technology has to be more refined than those in electric massage chairs because the facial bone structure is much more fragile than back or spine bones , he said ."
"another research team member , ken nishimura , said the robot could be adjusted to give beauty and relaxation massages ."
"this technology can be applied very widely , nishimura said . i m looking forward to a time when this robot will give beauty facials at spas ."
"the team is set to start clinical trials using the robot in november , according to takanishi ."
"the robot , developed with japan s asahi university , must be approved by a government safety panel before it becomes available to hospitals or to the public ."
japan is a leader in consumer robots .
a robot that gives shampoos is already widely deployed at hair salons across japan .
russia s vera zvonareva pulled off a big upset on wednesday as she beat sixth seed amelie mauresmo of france in their kremlin cup opener .
zvonareva came from a set down to beat former world number one mauresmo .
zvonareva then broke her opponent in the second game of the second set and again in the opening game of the third and deciding set .
"mauresmo broke back to level at only to make three unforced errors on her serve in the next game , letting the th ranked russian to successfully serve for the match ."
"she took the chances she got , mauresmo said . she began pretty bad and i was doing well , but then it went the other way ."
"it seems to me that i was playing against myself , surface and balls today , not against her , said kuznetsova , who had four aces and unforced errors . i played bad but nevertheless won the match ."
"new delhi , india cnn some tibetan exiles protesting chinese religious policies stormed the chinese embassy in new delhi on wednesday , with several breaching the front gate and chaining themselves to the flag pole inside , police and witnesses said ."
"others repeatedly sprayed free tibet in red paint on the embassy walls and the main gate before many of the demonstrators were forcibly taken away by indian police , according to an associated press photographer at the scene ."
"the activists were protesting a recent chinese order that beijing must approve all of tibet s spiritual leaders , known as lamas ."
"for centuries , the search for the reincarnation of lamas including tibet s spiritual head , the dalai lama has been carried out by select tibetan monks ."
"this order is an attempt to undermine the influence of his holiness the dalai lama , said dorjee bhondup , a leader of the tibetan youth congress who was at the protest ."
the protest is one of a series in india against what the tibetan exiles say are china s continued attempts to subvert tibetan buddhist culture and strengthen beijing s hold on the himalayan region .
india has been a center for the tibetan exiles since the dalai lama fled there in after a failed uprising and set up his government in exile in the northern town of dharmsala .
"however , india has tempered its support for the tibetan cause in recent years as it seeks to improve relations with china ."
"last year , to avoid embarrassing visiting chinese president hu jintao , india imposed a series of restrictions on tibetan activists and protesters ."
india s foreign ministry had no comment on wednesday s incident .
"descending from a bus , the activists ran through the embassy s main gate that was guarded by private guards only ."
about six of the protesters scaled an inner wall and entered the main embassy compound where they chained themselves to a flag post and waved the tibetan flag .
after about minutes indian police arrived and detained the protesters .
police spokesman rajan bhagat said protesters had been detained but no charges would be filed against them .
"bhagat denied there had been a breach of security . they were taken away because demonstrations are not allowed in that area , he said ."
phones at the chinese embassy rang unanswered .
"brasilia , brazil cnn a truck coming down a hill plowed into rescue workers and gawkers at the site of an earlier collision a double accident that killed least people and injured , police said wednesday ."
"the first crash occurred when one truck tried to pass another on a curve and smashed into an oncoming bus with about people aboard , said highway police spokesman adrian fiamoncini ."
six people on the bus and the truck driver were killed .
"it was a serious accident , but everything was under control , fiamoncini said . but about minutes later , all of a sudden , for no reason another truck arrived and ran everybody over , firefighters , police , people who stopped at the scene , fiamoncini said ."
he said it was still unclear why the other truck failed to stop but said it might have lost its brakes .
"the second accident killed people , including three firefighters and a policeman , he said ."
the driver of the second truck was hospitalized under police custody .
fiamoncini said many of the injured remained in serious condition and that rescue workers were looking for other victims .
"a german man who was taken hostage by taliban insurgents in afghanistan in july was freed wednesday , germany s foreign minister announced ."
"the five afghans captured with the man were also released , according to a statement from german foreign minister dr . frank walter steinmeier ."
"rudolf blechschmidt is currently in the hands of the afghan security forces , steinmeier s statement said . the german embassy has made telephone contact with him ."
"another german who was abducted along with blechschmidt on july , ruediger diedrich , was found shot to death on july ."
"blechschmidt appeared in a video released by his captors in late august , imploring his family and his government to do more to win his release . i am in very bad shape , he said ."
my medication for my heart issue will run out in three days .
"a myanmar opposition party member died during interrogation and two activists were arrested as the ruling junta pressed its crackdown on the pro democracy movement , an exile group said wednesday ."
"the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners also said security officers had been threatening dissidents relatives and neighbors in an attempt to get information on the whereabouts of those involved in last month s anti government protests , which were brutally suppressed by the military ."
"the myanmar exile group , made up of former political prisoners , said authorities had recently informed the family of win shwe , , that he had died during interrogation in the central region of sagaing ."
"he and five colleagues had been arrested on september , the first day of the crackdown ."
"the group said win shwe , a member of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi s national league for democracy nld , was cremated at the detention center . the report could not be independently verified ."
the alleged death of win shwe drew a harsh reaction from the united states .
washington called for an investigation and threatened further sanctions against the impoverished country also known as burma .
"the united states strongly condemns the atrocities committed by the junta and calls for a full investigation into the death of win shwe during his detention in burma , white house foreign affairs spokesman gordon johndroe said . the junta must stop the brutal treatment of its people and peacefully transition to democracy or face new sanctions from the united states ."
"in a usa today newspaper interview published wednesday , first lady laura bush said washington was poised to impose more sanctions unless the government loosens its grip on the populace within the next couple of days ."
"but state department spokesman sean mccormack , asked about new sanctions , offered no timetable ."
"the death toll from vietnam s typhoon lekima rose to as rescue workers rushed to get aid to thousands of people still stuck in flooded areas , officials said wednesday ."
"eleven more bodies were recovered in the worst hit province of nghe an , and one more body was discovered in son la province ."
nine people were still missing and feared dead .
"the waters are receding , but very slowly , said do minh chinh a disaster official in thanh hoa province , where people died ."
"the international federation of the red cross and the vietnamese government estimated that about million vietnamese had been affected by typhoon lekima , said joe lowry , a red cross official from ninh binh ."
"the typhoon washed away , houses , damaged , houses and destroyed about , acres of crops , lowry said ."
initial damage estimate from the typhoon was million .
"los angeles , california cnn bobby brown spent a night in the hospital after suffering a mild heart attack , his attorney said wednesday ."
brown had severe chest pains tuesday night and was taken to two hospitals . he was admitted to tarzana regional medical center in the san fernando valley .
"this morning they did diagnose him as suffering from a mild heart attack . . . they attributed it to stress and diet , said his attorney , phaedra parks , in atlanta ."
"his father and brother stayed with brown and he was released wednesday morning in good condition , parks said ."
"he is in great spirits , he s doing very well , she said . he s speaking with family members ."
"brown thanked fans for their good wishes and hoped to make a scheduled performance saturday in los angeles , his attorney said ."
"he just wants the fans to know that he is definitely going to come back full speed ahead , parks said ."
"brown , , lives in southern california ."
he is the former husband of whitney houston and is seeking custody of their teenage daughter .
"cnn it was only after a crowd of screaming students ran past darnell rodgers in a stairway at his cleveland , ohio , high school wednesday afternoon that he realized he had been shot ."
"oh my god , said rodgers , a senior at successtech academy near downtown cleveland ."
"at around p . m . , a year old gunman , reportedly upset about a school suspension , was walking the halls firing with a gun in each hand ."
"he shot year old as teacher david kachadourian in the back in addition to shooting a year old teacher , officials said ."
"rodgers suddenly felt his arm burning , he said , and realized he had been shot in the elbow ."
students at successtech academy described the gunman as having an odd personality .
witnesses told wkyc the shooter had been suspended for fighting earlier this week .
"the year old , who metrohealth identified to cnn as kachadourian , is in stable condition ."
"the year old male with a gunshot wound to his side was transported to rainbow babies and children s hospital where he is in stable condition , eckart said ."
rodgers spoke to reporters after leaving the hospital wednesday evening .
i never thought it would personally happen at my school .
students said they took cover in closets after the school principal announced a code blue on the intercom .
friday was already going to be a professional day for faculty and will now be devoted to figuring out how to go about resuming classes on monday .
"successtech is a nontraditional high school , according to local school officials . since it is a specialty school , it doesn t have the typical population of a large high school , said lisa matthews of the superintendent s office ."
it adds that the curriculum is problem based and infused with technology .
"london , england cnn prince william , the second in line to the british throne , will be temporarily assigned to the royal navy and to the royal air force next year , buckingham palace said wednesday ."
the year old prince will learn to fly helicopters and fixed wing aircraft as part of a four month tour with the raf that starts in january .
"in the summer , william will spend time learning about the military s submarines , its surface ships , and the royal navy s fleet air arm , the palace said ."
"william s assignments follow a year of training as a specialist armored reconnaissance troop leader in the blues and royals , where his younger brother , harry , also serves ."
the brothers were both commissioned officers after training at the royal military academy in sandhurst .
"harry was to go to iraq , but military chiefs ruled that the publicity surrounding his deployment could put his unit at higher risk , and he was not sent ."
"first lady laura bush in a rare foray into foreign policy called on myanmar s military junta to step aside , give up the terror campaigns against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday s wall street journal ."
"gen . than shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime , bush said . they should step aside to make way for a unified burma myanmar governed by legitimate leaders ."
"in wednesday s commentary , bush called on myanmar s military leaders to release suu kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy ."
"but ms . suu kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy , the support of the burmese people and the support of the world ."
"myanmar state media has reported that , people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them under an emergency law imposed on september banning assembly of more than five people and that of those people have been released ."
"russian president vladimir putin said wednesday that iran must be encouraged to make its nuclear program fully transparent , but also underscored there is no proof it is pursuing a nuclear weapons program ."
"we are sharing our partners concern about making all iranian programs transparent , putin said at a news conference after talks with visiting french president nicolas sarkozy ."
"we agreed yesterday , and mr . president confirmed it , that iran is making certain steps toward international community to achieve that ."
"sarkozy , on his first presidential visit to russia , said the two countries had bridged some of their differences over how the world should respond to iran s nuclear activities ."
"sarkozy has hardened france s stance on iran in recent months , shifting closer to the united states in his insistence on tough u . n . security council sanctions and even his mention of the possibility of war ."
putin heads to iran early next week for a summit of caspian nations amid heightened international tensions over tehran s refusal to suspend uranium enrichment activity the u . s . claims is aimed at building weapons but iran insists is for peaceful purposes .
sarkozy said putin s trip to tehran could encourage iran to be more cooperative .
"after the trip , there could be a will to cooperate that is essential , he said ."
russia has opposed the u . s . push for tougher sanctions against iran and called for more checks and inspections of iranian facilities by an international nuclear watchdog .
"new york cnn more than two dozen employees at palisades medical center have been suspended after accessing the personal medical records of actor george clooney , who was taken to the north bergen , n . j . , hospital last month after a motorcycle accident ."
"clooney was injured , along with his companion sarah larson , when the motorcycle they were riding collided with a car in weehawken , n . j . clooney suffered a broken rib and skin abrasions and larson broke her foot ."
"hospital spokesman eurice rojas said late tuesday that employees were suspended for a month without pay , after an internal investigation ."
accessing a person s medical records without authorization is a violation of the health insurance portability and accountability act hipaa a federal law that protects the privacy of patients .
"palisades medical center , it s physicians and employees , adheres to a strong code of ethics that respects the privacy and confidentiality of all of our patients , a hospital statement said ."
"on tuesday , wcbs television in new york reported that employees were suspended after leaking clooney s medical information to the press"
"in a statement released to the media , clooney said this is the first i ve heard of it . and while i very much believe in a patients right to privacy , i would hope that this could be settled without suspending medical workers ."
"beijing , china cnn police in central china have jailed a year old woman for posing as a teenage rape victim on the internet , an official and state media said wednesday ."
"the china daily newspaper reported on its web site that the woman , identified only by her surname chen , pretended to be a year old girl who became pregnant after being raped by her stepfather ."
"in july she started posing as the girl , calling herself little raindrop , the newspaper said ."
"she fabricated rumors and mislead the public , said wang bing , an official with the propaganda department of the tianqiao district public security bureau in jinan city ."
"been charged with any crime , wang said . we re discussing further punishment , maybe re education through labor , he said ."
"the un , european union and human rights groups have called on china to abolish its system of re education through labor , which allows authorities to imprison people without trial ."
"the woman , who is divorced and has one grown daughter , told people during online chats that her stepfather kept her locked up at home , arousing concern among her internet friends who reported the case to local police , the china daily said ."
"more than , hits , jinan s local qi lu evening news reported on its web site ."
"a migraine pill seems to help alcoholics taper off their drinking without detox treatment , researchers report , offering a potential option for a hard to treat problem ."
"the drug , topamax , works in a different way from three other medications already approved for treating alcoholism ."
"the drug costs at least a month , plus the price of doctor s visits ."
"but side effects are a problem , and it s unclear whether the findings will make a dent in an addiction that affects millions of americans ."
drowsiness and dizziness are also problems .
"the size of the treatment effect is larger than in most of the other medications we ve seen , said dr . mark willenbring of the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism . and all the drinking variables changed in the right direction ."
"the study , published in wednesday s journal of the american medical association , was funded by the maker of the drug , johnson johnson inc . s ortho mcneil neurologics ."
the study followed heavy drinkers for weeks .
top seed nikolay davydenko defeated frenchman jo wilfried tsonga on tuesday to advance to the second round of the kremlin cup in moscow .
"after trading breaks early in the first set , the defending champion won the tiebreaker without his french opponent scoring a point ."
fourth ranked davydenko then twice broke the rd ranked tsonga in the second set to close the indoor carpet match .
"it s great to beat someone you ve never beaten before , said mathieu , who lost to grosjean in their three previous matches ."
"meanwhile , marat safin struggled to beat fellow russian denis matsukevitch tp also advance to the second round ."
but he wasn t and dragged me to a tiebreaker in the first set .
"yakima , washington cnn searchers found the remains of the last three of people killed in a plane crash in washington state , officials said tuesday ."
"searchers found the plane monday night , along with the bodies of seven of the victims ."
the plane had been carrying nine skydivers and a pilot .
yakima county sheriff ken irwin described the crash scene as horrific .
"you have to remember that it was an airplane falling out of the sky , irwin said after visiting the scene ."
the sheriff said evidence suggests the plane hit the ground at about mph .
"officials did not name any victims , but relatives of some of the skydivers appeared at tuesday s news conference and stressed what a tightknit group they were ."
"the wreckage was in an area with steep terrain among heavy timber and brush , just yards from where the last radar signal from the plane was detected , yakima county sheriff s deputy dan cypher said monday night ."
"the plane , a single engine cessna caravan , fell off radar at p . m . p . m . et sunday , about a half hour after taking off from boise , idaho , bound for shelton , washington , according to the federal aviation administration ."
"the wreckage was found in the immediate area of the search focus , cypher said ."
"the teams did smell fuel and followed the odor and came across the wreckage , he said ."
"weather conditions were good for the flight , officials said ."
"the national transportation safety board planned to begin an investigation tuesday , the sheriff said ."
"the plane was equipped with an emergency locator transmitter , according to geoff farrington of kapowsin air sports , which owns the plane ."
"the nine skydivers aboard the plane regularly participated in jumps with skydive snohomish in snohomish , washington , said elaine harvey , a spokeswoman for the company ."
"she said the group had flown into boise for a skydiving event about miles away in star , idaho ."
lindsay lohan is making plans for life after rehab .
"the year old actress reportedly checked out of the cirque lodge , a drug and alcohol treatment center in utah , on friday ."
staying sober and out of los angeles is lohan s main priority .
"i m staying in utah until it s time to shoot dare to love me , and then i plan on returning to utah so i can stay focused , and avoid other distractions , she tells ok !"
temptation is always there but now i ll avoid it the right way .
"lohan who recently reunited with her father , michael lohan , after a year estrangement tells in touch weekly that her parents divorce triggered her behavior ."
"but all in all , it s better for me now to have them in my life . it s healthy ."
"i just want to apologize to any of my fans that look up to me , especially my younger fans , for setting the examples that i didn t mean to set , she tells in touch . that is one of the reasons that i want to change things ."
"a lack of genetic diversity in the fierce , fox like creatures has meant the animals immune system does not try to fight off the disease , spread through biting , according to a study by the university of sydney s school of veterinary science released last week ."
"the grotesque facial tumors were first spotted in the devil population around a decade ago in the northeast of australia s island state of tasmania , where percent of the species has died of the disease ."
"the affliction is spreading south and west , and scientists estimate that within five years , there will be"
no disease free population in tasmania the only place in the world where the carnivorous marsupials exist outside zoos .
"seeking to understand how a facial cancer could be contagious , the university of sydney researchers found that the tumors had originated from a single cell line that was spread through the population by biting ."
"because tasmanian devils are genetically similar , their bodies do not recognize the tumors as foreign cells and do not produce an effective immune response ."
"essentially , there are no natural barriers to the spread of the disease , so affected individuals must be removed from populations to stop disease transmission , lead researcher katherine belov said ."
"by making it difficult for the animals to bite and catch prey , the tumors usually lead to their death from starvation within six months ."
experts fear the remaining healthy animals could become extinct within the next two decades if they are not isolated from the disease .
"shanghai , china cnn natalie williams , a year old special olympics basketball player from kentucky , says she s never really been treated like a true athletic star ."
"but that was before she came to the games in china , which has undergone a major change in its treatment of the mentally disabled ."
"they are able to accept special needs people in a way that maybe some other countries do not , williams says ."
"last week , organizers rolled out the red carpet for athletes arriving at the special olympics in shanghai , china ."
"never before in the year history of the special olympics has there been such an extravagant , star studded opening ceremony ."
"and everywhere in this city , there are billboards with the smiling faces of the mentally disabled promoting the games ."
"china spent millions ensuring the , competitors are cared for and more importantly accepted ."
"that s quite a turnaround for a country whose leadership , less than years ago , refused to even acknowledge any of their citizens were intellectually disabled ."
"at the time , former prime minister li peng was quoted as saying , mentally retarded people give birth to idiots ."
"there s a long way to go there s a long way . but the good news is we re moving , says tim shriver , chairman of the special olympics ."
turkey said tuesday it had begun preparations for a military operation into iraq to chase separatist kurdish rebels who have launched deadly attacks on soldiers in recent days .
private ntv and cnn turk news channels reported that the government has decided to seek parliamentary authorization to launch a possible cross border military operation in iraq to pursue the rebels there .
a statement released after a meeting of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan and security officials did not say that such an operation would definitely occur .
"turkey has said it would prefer that the united states and its iraqi kurd allies in northern iraq crack down on the kurdistan workers party , or pkk ."
and political development in turkey that had sapped support for the group .
the united states opposes a turkish military operation in the relatively peaceful north of iraq because it would complicate efforts to stabilize the rest of the country .
"madrid , spain cnn a bomb wounded a local politician s bodyguard in the northern city of bilbao on tuesday , in an attack a senior interior ministry official blamed on the basque separatist group eta ."
"the bomb exploded as the off duty bodyguard was alone in his car and was just starting to move it , said the official , antonio camacho , the secretary of state for security ."
"police , he added , suspect the explosive may have been a limpet bomb , attached beneath the car toward the rear ."
"we can t yet say if the target was the bodyguard or the politician he protects , camacho said at a nationally televised news conference ."
"the guard , gabriel gines , , was taken to hospital with burns to his face , right hand and shoulder , camacho said ."
witnesses said he managed to get out of the car after the blast .
"television footage showed him walking out of a nearby cafeteria , where he had taken refuge , and stepping into an ambulance , flanked by emergency workers ."
his right hand was bandaged and his left hand held a cell phone .
"there was no warning call as sometimes occurs before the explosion near downtown bilbao , the largest basque city , an interior ministry spokesman told cnn ."
"no one has claimed responsibility for the incident , which left the bodyguard s car and several others charred from fire ."
"several thousand town councilors and other officials in the basque region have bodyguards due to threats from eta , which is blamed for more than deaths in its long fight for basque independence . many of the bodyguards are police officers"
"others , such as the guard injured on tuesday , are on contract from private security firms ."
"the politician he protects , a basque local councilman from the prime minister s ruling socialist party , was out of town at the time of the attack ."
friday is a spanish holiday .
"last week , police arrested leaders of an outlawed basque pro independence party , batasuna , on suspicion of aiding eta ."
"on sunday , a judge remanded of them to jail , released four on bail and dropped charges against the other two ."
"batasuna is widely considered to be eta s political wing , which it denies ."
eta is listed as a terrorist group by the united states and the european union .
the party of myanmar s detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi on tuesday urged the military junta not to set preconditions for a meeting with her in the wake of a bloody crackdown on pro democracy protesters .
"the junta leaders have offered to meet with suu kyi , who is under house arrest , but only on condition she renounce widespread calls for international sanctions against the military regime , which has been widely condemned for breaking up the protests september ."
the will for achieving success is also crucial and there should not be any preconditions .
"the statement , which follows similar ones by nld figures , came after the junta said it hoped to achieve smooth relations with suu kyi ."
"the government is arresting and beating the peaceful buddhist monks , he told the bbc . i think that my fellow colleagues will make their decision on their own but i can t say that anybody s going to follow my way ."
british government records list a ye min tun as a second secretary at the embassy .
a senior portuguese detective has been appointed to bring fresh momentum to the controversial investigation into the disappearance of british girl madeleine mccann .
"paulo rebelo , a senior criminal investigator at national police headquarters in lisbon , will now lead the inquiry ."
"rebelo will this week move to southern portugal , where madeleine vanished on may , a portuguese police spokeswoman said ."
the detective has investigated several major cases including allegations of a child sex ring at a state run children s home .
"rebelo will replace goncalo amaral , who was taken off the case after he criticized british police for favoring kate and gerry mccann , the girl s parents , who have been named as suspects in the case by portuguese police ."
madeleine s parents have said she disappeared from their hotel room in a vacation resort in portugal s algarve region on may while they dined in a restaurant nearby .
"amaral , who often discussed the mccann case with the news media , is also under investigation for allegedly beating a woman in custody who was later found guilty of murdering her own child in ."
the mccanns spokesman clarence mitchell said he hoped rebelo s priority would be to eliminate the couple from the inquiry .
"baghdad , iraq cnn the security convoy that on tuesday fired on a car in iraq s capital , killing two iraqi women , was an australian firm , iraq s interior ministry said ."
"the firm , unity resources group , has offices in dubai ."
"a u . s . state department official said the company had been providing security for a nongovernmental organization called research triangle institute international , which is a usaid based subcontractor doing reconstruction work ."
"michael priddin , unity resources group chief operating officer , said in a written statement that initial information indicated the car approached the security team at speed and failed to stop despite an escalation of warnings which included hand signals and a signal fire ."
"finally , shots were fired at the vehicle and it stopped , he said . unity is now working with the iraqi authorities to determine the outcome of this incident ."
iraqi interior ministry spokesman brig . gen . abdul kareem khalaf said unity s four vehicles were driving from the outer karrada area toward the national theater in central baghdad .
"they opened fire and killed two young christian women who were in the car , he said ."
"he said the women , ages and , were hit by bullets ."
research triangle institute international spokesman patrick gibbons said no rti staff members were involved or present when the incident occurred .
"urg had completed their transportation mission of rti personnel and were returning to their base of operations at the time of the incident , he said ."
"urg , khalaf said , apologized to the interior ministry and said it is committed to compensating the families of the two women and taking action against its employees , depending on what an investigation reveals ."
he added that urg is registered with the ministry and had no prior violations .
"pakistani air force planes swooped down on the country s troubled tribal region on the border with afghanistan tuesday , launching a blistering airstrike that left as many as militants dead , pakistan army sources said ."
"those battles in north waziristan , part of the country s largely lawless tribal region killed up to militants , as well as government troops , an army spokesman said . another security forces have been wounded ."
"according to the army spokesman , the military operation , which was launched sunday , will continue until peace is completely restored to north waziristan ."
"that truce was blamed for an increase in attacks on u . s . troops over the border in afghanistan , as taliban fighters were able to prepare , train , and reconstitute weapons supplies without interference from the pakistani government ."
"u . s . intelligence officials say al qaeda has established a safe haven in waziristan , just over the border into pakistan and that osama bin laden is believed to be in the area ."
"pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , cracked down on al qaeda militants and arrested many in the waziristan area before the truce was reached , but critics say he has failed to prevent the militants from gaining strength within the country ."
european governing body uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against ac milan and their brazilian goalkeeper dida following a controversial conclusion to last week s champions league clash at celtic .
uefa had already launched an investigation into scottish club celtic after a fan of the glasgow club ran onto the pitch to confront dida in the dying moments of their victory over the european champions at parkhead on wednesday .
dida collapsed in a heap after year old robert mchendry made contact with the keeper as he ran past before disappearing into the stands .
"stockholm , sweden cnn u . s . citizens mario r . capecchi and oliver smithies and sir martin j . evans of britain won the nobel prize in medicine on monday for groundbreaking discoveries that led to a technique for manipulating mouse genes ."
"the widely used process has helped scientists use mice to study heart disease , diabetes , cancer , cystic fibrosis and other diseases ."
"capecchi , , who was born in italy , is at the university of utah in salt lake city . smithies , , born in britain , is at the university of north carolina in chapel hill ."
"evans , , works at cardiff university in wales ."
"they were honored for a technique called gene targeting , which lets scientists inactivate or modify particular genes in mice ."
that in turn lets them study how those genes affect health and disease .
"to use this technique , researchers introduce a genetic change into mouse embryonic stem cells ."
"these cells are then injected into mouse embryos . the mice born from these embryos are bred with others , to produce offspring with altered genes ."
the first mice with genes manipulated in this way were announced in .
"more than , different genes in mice have been studied with the technique , the nobel committee said ."
that s about half the genes the rodents have .
gene targeting has pervaded all fields of biomedicine .
"its impact on the understanding of gene function and its benefits to mankind will continue to increase over many years to come , the award citation said ."
the medicine prize was the first of the six prestigious awards to be announced this year .
"the others are chemistry , physics , literature , peace and economics ."
"the prizes are handed out every year on dec . , the anniversary of award founder alfred nobel s death in ."
"about students staged a rare protest monday against iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , calling him a dictator as he gave a speech at tehran university marking the beginning of the academic year ."
"while the demonstrators and hard line students loyal to ahmadinejad scuffled in the auditorium , the president ignored chants of death to the dictator and gave his speech on the merits of science and the pitfalls of western style democracy , witnesses said ."
"the hard line students chanted thank you , president as police looked on from outside the university s gates without intervening ."
the protesters dispersed after ahmadinejad left the campus .
the president faced a similar outburst during a speech last december when students at amir kabir technical university called him a dictator and burned his picture .
organizers hoped to avoid a similar disturbance monday with tightened security measures .
"they checked the identity papers of everyone entering the campus and allowed only selected students into the hall for the speech , but the protesters were somehow able to gain entrance ."
iran s reform movement peaked in the late s after reformist mohammad khatami was elected president and his supporters swept parliament .
"but their efforts to ease social and political restrictions were stymied by hard liners who control the judiciary , security forces and powerful unelected bodies in the government ."
"baikonur , kazakhstan cnn a crew that includes malaysia s first astronaut and an american who will become the first woman to command the international space station prepared monday for blastoff later this week ."
"the soyuz fg rocket is scheduled to blast off from the central asian steppe on wednesday night to take malaysia s sheikh muszaphar shukor , peggy whitson of beaconsfield , iowa , and russian yuri malenchenko into orbit ."
"during his day space trip , shukor is to study of the effects of microgravity and space radiation on cells and microbes , as well as experiments with proteins for a potential hiv vaccine ."
"the rocket adorned with a malaysian flag and coat of arms and carrying a soyuz tma spacecraft was moved monday to the launch pad from its assembly site at the baikonur cosmodrome , which russia rents from kazakhstan ."
"it s too exciting to be cold , said shankini dovaisingam , a malaysian aerospace engineer observing the final preparations . it s amazing to see the malaysian flag on a soyuz spaceship ."
"the mission coincides with the last days of ramadan , the holy month when muslims fast from dawn until sundown , but malaysian clerics decreed that shukor will be excused from fasting while in space ."
shukor s religion also requires that he face mecca for prayer but clerics decided that the exact location matters only for the beginning of the prayer ritual .
"shukor , , will bring a symbolic load of malaysian food to the space station , said zulkeffeli mat jusoh , a program director for the malaysian space program ."
shukor is to return to earth on october with two russian members of the current space station crew .
"paris , france cnn interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys ."
"the man s face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol the international police agency based in lyon , france ."
"interpol secretary general ronald k . noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man s identity or nationality ."
"we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public s help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , noble said ."
he said there is very good reason to believe that he travels the world in order to sexually abuse and exploit vulnerable children .
interpol has determined the photos were taken in vietnam and cambodia .
"the decision to make public this man s picture was not one which was taken lightly , said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol s trafficking in human beings unit ."
the suspect s photo and more information can be seen online at interpol s web site .
"potential presidential hopeful newt gingrich on tuesday blasted the modern day road to the white house as too long , too expensive and verging on insane ."
the former house speaker from georgia said he will decide whether to enter the gop presidential field in october .
"but in a wide ranging speech at the national press club in washington , he ridiculed campaign consultants and spin doctors who he said are extending the campaign ."
he said presidential debates have become almost unendurable .
"these aren t debates , the former georgia congressman said . this is a cross between tv shows the bachelor , american idol and who s smarter than a fifth grader ."
asked gingrich . the job of the candidate is to raise the money to hire the consultants to do the focus groups to figure out the second answers to be memorized by the candidate .
this is stunningly dangerous . watch why gingrich is deeply worried raquo
"gingrich said the need to raise tens of millions of dollars has driven campaigns to begin cranking up much earlier than ever . meanwhile , he said , advisers are telling candidates to begin campaigning as soon as possible i need a check ."
"a consortium led by royal bank of scotland plc won the battle for abn amro holding nv monday , as the largest takeover ever in the financial industry came a step closer to completion ."
"the rbs consortium said percent of shares in the dutch bank had been tendered to its . billion . billion bid , enough to meet its minimum acceptance level of percent ."
"the consortium s offer was unopposed after barclays plc withdrew its rival bid friday , saying it had failed to receive even one percent of shares ."
"the barclays offer , mostly in shares , was worth at least percent less than the rbs led bid , which is mostly in cash ."
"but the saga , which began earlier this year , won t be over until the consortium declares its offer unconditional , expected by friday ."
"abn s boards agreed to merge with barclays in april , but were later forced to retract that in the face of the consortium s higher bid ."
"the company s chief executive rijkman groenink said as recently as last month that he continued to prefer the barclays deal for strategic reasons , but he conceded the consortium s bid was financially superior ."
"rbs shares fell . percent to close at . pence . , . , while abn amro rose . percent at . . ."
cnn dallas has long been a sociological curiosity .
and you don t have to drive all over the metroplex as the locals call the dallas fort worth area to have a good time .
"all the food , fun and fanciness can be found in the . mile radius of downtown ."
"take restaurants , for example ."
drive down any downtown street and it s clear that food is definitely a big part of big d .
"dallas has more restaurants per capita than new york city , says john crawford , president and ceo of downtown dallas , a private organization that serves as downtown dallas leading advocate ."
"he says that in the downtown area alone , there are places to dine , ranging from the elegant french room commerce st . in the grand adolphus hotel to family friendly pizza joint campisi s elm st . , suite . ."
"the fare is versatile , too"
"sure , dallas does tex mex well , but the town also boasts plenty of places that offer twists on the basic burrito ."
"fuse commerce st . , suite , a hip eatery that opened in , serves up dishes like brisket pot stickers in a style they refer to as texasian ."
"while the core of downtown dallas has always been a thriving business district , it only recently began to attract visitors after p . m ."
"like most cities , dallas felt the effects of suburban sprawl in the early s ."
"in fact , as recently as , only people called the central business district home , according to crawford ."
"now he estimates that in the next months , there will be more than , residents just in the core of downtown ."
crawford and his colleagues believe people are migrating downtown partly because of revitalization efforts and partly because of environmental concerns related to long commutes .
"whatever the reason , visitors to downtown dallas are certainly benefiting from all of this migration ."
"as you get more residential , you get a number of supporting services , and that s probably the reason for the number of restaurants that we have and the level of activity that s occurring , crawford says ."
"don t forget the kids there s plenty for them downtown , too ."
"the dallas world aquarium n . griffin st . offers marine life from around the globe in its , gallons of water ."
"plus , the rainforest section of the venue has non sea creatures from south america like monkeys and toucans ."
"for some history , families can visit the sixth floor museum at dealey plaza elm st . in the west end ."
the national historic landmark district is the site of the assassination of president john f . kennedy .
the permanent exhibit focuses on the days leading up to the tragedy as well as the impact it had on the world .
mild texas temperatures allow visitors to be outdoors throughout all four seasons .
"and since there are more than events every year , there s sure to be some sort of festival or parade going on , no matter when you visit ."
"so pack your shopping shoes , your love of art and your appetite and head to big d cowboy hat optional ."
"in recent years , this fishing town has turned into a popular rest stop for inca trail hikers ."
bus ride
"the quickest way to reach mncora , about miles north of lima , is to hop on one of lan peru s twice daily flights from lima to piura round trip"
tear your eyes from the dubbed american movies shown along the way and you may spot a dolphin or two frolicking in the pacific ocean .
beach hotel
there are two types of lodging
on the beach like punta ballenas inn and almost on the beach .
"in the case of hospedaje costa norte , you re a minute s walk from the surf ."
"the rooms surround a courtyard guarded by pedro , a parrot with a penchant for giving besitos little kisses to female guests , from ."
yoga hotel
"samana chakra is a new thatched roof bungalow resort on the northern end of the beach , owned by an ex marketing director from california and his wife , a peruvian yoga instructor ."
"the rate includes breakfast and a daily hatha yoga class totally optional , of course ."
"early risers can even surf with the owners , who ride tandem on a longboard , samanachakra . com ."
taxi fare
"moto taxis , three wheeled motorbikes with a covered backseat for two , are mncora s primary form of transportation ."
the bumpy ride across town costs about a dollar .
"for round trip , a moto cabbie will take you into the amotape mountains to the thermal hot springs at poza de barro ."
surf school
"mncora s six foot waves rival those of better known surf spots in peru , such as chicama , but early mornings often bring waves that are ideal for beginners ."
several shorefront surf schools offer minute private lessons .
tasty lunch
"fried yucca and ice cold brahma beer are the perfect companions to ceviche , the national dish of peru , made with seafood , maize , crescents of sweet potato and a citrus marinade ."
"at cevichera las peitas , an entire meal , including ceviche and beer , costs less than ."
fruit drink
"the best deal in town is a cremolada a crushed ice beverage made with passion fruit , strawberry , orange , or pineapple at papa mo s milk bar ."
"afghanistan executed prisoners by gunfire , including a man convicted of killing three western journalists and an afghan photographer , the chief of prisons said monday . it was the first time the country had carried out the death penalty in three years ."
"the mass execution took place sunday evening according to afghan law , which calls for condemned prisoners to be shot to death , abdul salam ismat said ."
"afghanistan s hard line taliban regime carried out executions in public , many of them at the war shattered kabul stadium , but the practice stopped after they were ousted from power by the u . s . led coalition in late ."
the killings are the country s first state sanctioned executions since april .
"london based human rights group amnesty international denounced the latest executions , saying that president hamid karzai had assured"
last week hamidzada told the associated press that karzai takes extreme care in execution cases .
"he has been holding on to these cases because he wants to make sure that the justice is served and the due process is complete . he personally does not like executions , but afghan law asks for it , and he will obey the laws , he said ."
the mass executions are likely to complicate relationships between afghanistan and some nato countries with military forces in the country .
"international troops often take militants prisoner and later hand them over to the afghan government , but some countries governments will not let them do so if afghanistan is known to use capital punishment ."
"investigators know who pulled the trigger but still have not determined who ordered the killing of journalist anna politkovskaya , the chief investigator said in an interview published monday ."
"politkovskaya , whose persistent reporting of atrocities against civilians in chechnya had angered the kremlin but won her international acclaim , was gunned down in the entryway of her moscow apartment building on october , ."
"petros garibyan , the lead investigator in the case , said the murder was political and may have parallels to the killing of paul klebnikov , the u . s . born editor of forbes magazine s russian edition ."
"charges have been filed against people , of whom have been arrested , garibyan said ."
he said investigators have identified the gunman but have not yet filed charges against him .
"he refused to speculate on who might have been behind the killing , which occurred on president vladimir putin s birthday ."
"his boss , prosecutor general yuri chaika , said in august that the hit on politkovskaya was ordered by someone living outside the country with the aim of discrediting putin ."
"british prime minister gordon brown has said the number of uk troops in iraq will fall from the current level of , to , by next spring ."
"brown had said while in iraq last week that britain planned to cut its deployment by , by christmas ."
"speaking in the house of commons , brown said britain plans to move from leading iraqi troops into an overwatch role in the next two months and then reduce the numbers from , to , immediately after provincial iraqi control , and then to , ."
"he said that in the second stage of overwatch in the spring , and guided as always by advice of military commanders the reduction will be to , troops with a further decision about the next phase made then ."
"in both stages of overwatch around logistics and support personnel will be based outside iraq elsewhere in the region , brown said ."
"british troops have been based in basra , in the southeast region ."
brown said the recent base handover in basra city in early september is a good sign of things to come since the present security situation has been calmer .
indeed in the last month there have been five indirect fire attacks on basra air station compared with in july .
and while the four southern provinces have around percent of the iraqi people they still account for less than percent of the overall violence in iraq .
brown also announced a new policy helping its local iraqi staffers .
"existing staff who have been employed by us for more than months and have completed their work will be able to apply for a package of financial payments to aid resettlement in iraq or elsewhere in the region , or in agreed circumstances for admission to the uk ."
italian striker luca toni struck twice as bayern munich moved five points clear at the top of the bundesliga with a home win over nuremberg on sunday .
"bayern took the lead in front of a full house of , at the allianz arena when toni scored his opener in the st minute ."
"ze roberto added a second five minutes from the break and then toni added a third nine minutes from time to take his tally to eight goals for the season , level with strike partner miroslav klose who missed the match with a knee injury ."
coach ottmar hitzfeld was delighted with his side s seventh win as they remain the only unbeaten side in the bundesliga .
nuremberg remain in the relegation zone and second from bottom having picked up just one win in their last games .
"also on sunday , eintracht frankfurt enjoyed a win over bayer leverkusen which puts them seventh in the table ."
a carnival worker who hit a telephone pole with his suv blamed the crash on two friends having sex in the back seat .
frank told moscow police he was driving near downtown early saturday while a man and woman were having sex in the rear of the vehicle .
"according to a probable cause affidavit , he said the movement caused the suv to become tippy and he lost control of it ."
"frank , , suffered a minor head wound in the crash and his friends were treated for unspecified injuries , according to the affidavit ."
"boston , massachusetts cnn good news for your viagra using hamster"
"on his next trip to europe , he ll bounce back from jet lag faster than his unmedicated friends ."
"the researchers who revealed that bizarre fact earned one of ig nobel prizes awarded thursday night for quirky , funny and sometimes legitimate scientific achievements , from the mathematics of wrinkled sheets to u . s . military efforts to make a gay bomb ."
the recipients of the annual award handed out by the annals of improbable research magazine were honored at harvard university s sanders theater .
"a team at quilmes national university in buenos aires , argentina , came up with the jet lag study , which found that hamsters given the anti impotence drug needed percent less time to recover from a six hour time zone change ."
"they didn t fly rodents to paris , incidentally they just turned the lights off and on at different times ."
"odd as it might be , that research might have implications for millions of humans ."
"it was the world s first comprehensive study of sword swallowing injuries , said co author dan meyer of antioch , tennessee , one of only a few dozen active sword swallowers in the world ."
"not surprisingly , throat abrasions , perforated esophagi and punctured blood vessels were the most common injuries ."
"most sword swallowing injuries happen either after another smaller injury when the throat is tender and swollen , or while doing something out of the ordinary , like swallowing multiple swords , said meyer , who went a month without solid food after doing the latter in ."
cnn turkey s prime minister condemned an attack by kurdish separatist guerrillas that killed turkish troops and said his cabinet will meet monday to discuss a response to the attack .
"turkish forces were shelling the guerrillas escape routes after the attack outside the southeastern province of sirnak , near turkey s border with northern iraq s kurdish territories , the military said in a statement issued after sunday s attack ."
"this is a heartbreaking situation , losing soldiers after losing civilians only about a week ago , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said in a statement from his office . cabinet will meet tomorrow and discuss the situation and next steps ."
"the kurdistan workers party , known as the pkk , has fought turkish troops in the country s heavily kurdish southeast for decades ."
erdogan s government also blames the pkk for the killings of a dozen civilians near sirnak on september .
"pkk spokesman abdul rahman al chadarchi confirmed the attack and said the rebel fighters sustained no casualties , according to a report from the associated press ."
"the separatists have been using northern iraq as a staging ground for attacks into turkey , prompting ankara to mass troops along its border with iraq s largely autonomous kurdish region ."
iraq signed an agreement with turkey in late september to crack down on the militants .
"iran and syria also have large kurdish populations , and iraq s neighbors are wary of kurdish separatist aspirations ."
"but iraqi president jalal talabani , a longtime kurdish leader , told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer on sunday that an independent kurdistan is not a realistic goal ."
"i don t think that turkey or iran or syria will accept this , so , we must be realistic , talabani said ."
"now the interests of the kurdish people are in the framework of a united , democratic , federative iraq ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn pamela anderson and rick salomon married saturday evening between the former baywatch star s performances on the las vegas strip , according to published reports ."
"anderson , , wore a white denim valentino dress , according to a report on people magazine s web site ."
"the vows were squeezed in between the p . m . and p . m . shows of hans klok s the beauty of magic at planet hollywood resort , casino spokeswoman amy sadowsky said ."
anderson is starring as a magician s assistant .
"salomon , , is best known for making a sex videotape with paris hilton , his girlfriend at the time , and was previously married to actress shannen doherty ."
anderson was previously married to singer kid rock and motley crue drummer tommy lee .
rumors of the couple s wedding plans have circulated since they applied for a marriage license last week .
organizers shut down the course four hours after the start of sunday s chicago marathon because of degree heat and sweltering humidity that left one runner dead and sent at least to area hospitals .
another were treated at the site .
"chad schieber of midland , michigan , , collapsed while running on the south side and was pronounced dead shortly before p . m . at a veteran s affairs hospital , the cook county medical examiner s office ."
"it sounds like he lost his pulse very fast and died on the race course , chiampas said ."
"there was another running death sunday in arlington , virginia ."
"an unidentified runner from virginia died during the army ten miler , collapsing near the finish at the pentagon ."
the race started in degree heat and high humidity .
"the chicago race was run in record temperatures , topping the mark of degrees in ."
"kenya s patrick ivuti leaned at the finish line to edge jaouad gharib of morocco by . seconds , making him the fifth straight kenyan to win the race ."
"a darfur town under the control of sudanese troops has been razed , the u . n . said sunday ."
the destruction of the town was in apparent retaliation for a suspected rebel attack on a nearby african union peacekeeping base .
"the town of haskanita which is currently under the control of the government , was completely burned down , except for a few buildings , the u . n . mission to sudan said in a statement ."
it said most civilians fled after the september attack on the base but a few returned to search for food and water .
"a u . n . official who had just inspected the north darfur town said sunday more than , civilians were fleeing the area ."
"the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue , said the town was destroyed by the sudanese army and its allied janjaweed militias of nomad arabs ."
"hong kong , china cnn thousands of people marched through hong kong s streets sunday to demand the right to pick their city s leader and legislature and hoisted yellow umbrellas to form the year their target year for full democracy ."
"the demonstrators chanted one person one vote , the only way to go and universal suffrage in as they marched to government headquarters ."
"we need to have a good political environment in order to sustain our economic development , said one of the participants , year old businessman michael hui ."
"the former british colony returned to chinese rule in but was promised a wide degree of autonomy under a one country , two systems formula ."
beijing has ruled out full democracy for the territory before .
"as it stands now , hong kong residents don t have the right to vote for the territory s leader , known as the chief executive ."
"an member election committee , considered partial to the chinese government , makes the selection ."
only half of the local legislative assembly s lawmakers are also directly elected .
"the rest are picked by special interest groups , such as businesses and labor unions ."
"many hong kongers believe the city is ready for democratic reform , but beijing loyalists especially those in the business community worry that political changes will create social upheaval and upset the economy ."
the government has put forth a document containing various proposals on how and when the city s leader and legislature should be elected .
"however , pro democracy lawmakers who want direct elections as soon as possible have criticized the document , saying it lists too many options ."
"neilson oliveira lima disappeared from his home in the rural community pupuai on september , said amazonas state police officer ailson carvalho ."
"he went in the forest following his father and he got lost . he was found by his cousin , who was out hunting , carvalho said in a telephone interview from caraurai , the nearest town . nobody knows what he ate or how he survived ."
he said nothing about his ordeal except to ask for water .
"he was only taken to the hospital in caraurai , brazil , days later because of the long distances , carvalho said ."
"evanise de oliveira lima , the boy s mother , told cbn radio that neilson was thin and scratched but that she expected he would leave the hospital shortly ."
"in the jungle near the house , there are jaguars , hawks , snakes , lima told the radio station . but his guardian angel and god protected my son ."
"a bus collided with a train in eastern cuba , killing at least people and injuring another , including in critical condition , state media reported sunday ."
"authorities were still investigating the cause of the crash , which occurred around midday saturday in the province of granma , about miles east of havana , according to a statement read on state television ."
"the communist youth newspaper juventud rebelde had only a short story sunday reporting that the collision took place at a railroad crossing near a bridge in the small town of veguita , in yara municipality ."
it said a train traveling from the eastern city of santiago to the coastal city of manzanillo collided with a bus traveling from bayamo to the coastal community of campechuela .
"the train dragged the bus to the bridge , where the bus fell ."
"in june a truck transporting passengers in the same region flipped over , killing ."
state media said dozens of local residents assisted with rescue efforts or donated blood for the injured .
attention shifted to supreme court deliberations on whether pakistan s general pervez musharraf can claim victory after winning a landslide victory in a presidential election boycotted by nearly the entire opposition saturday .
"opposition parties that snubbed the vote claimed it was undemocratic and unconstitutional for the u . s . backed general , who seized power in a coup , to run while still army chief ."
"in all , , federal and provincial lawmakers were eligible to vote ."
musharraf dismissed criticism that the boycott had undermined the legitimacy of the election .
a majority a vast majority have voted for me and therefore that result is the result .
"cnn an off duty sheriff s deputy shot and killed six people in crandon , wisconsin , early sunday before dying himself under circumstances that remain under wraps , the town s police chief said ."
"the deputy , tyler peterson , also worked part time as a crandon police officer ."
forest county sheriff keith van cleve said peterson was about .
"at least two of the victims were crandon high school students , wtmj told cnn ."
